Summarize: Summarize: Cell-fate reprograming is at the heart of development , yet very little is known about the molecular mechanisms promoting or inhibiting reprograming in intact organisms . In the C . elegans germline , reprograming germ cells into somatic cells requires chromatin perturbation . Here , we describe that such reprograming is facilitated by GLP-1/Notch signaling pathway . This is surprising , since this pathway is best known for maintaining undifferentiated germline stem cells/progenitors . Through a combination of genetics , tissue-specific transcriptome analysis , and functional studies of candidate genes , we uncovered a possible explanation for this unexpected role of GLP-1/Notch . We propose that GLP-1/Notch promotes reprograming by activating specific genes , silenced by the Polycomb repressive complex 2 ( PRC2 ) , and identify the conserved histone demethylase UTX-1 as a crucial GLP-1/Notch target facilitating reprograming . These findings have wide implications , ranging from development to diseases associated with abnormal Notch signaling . Cell-fate decisions are controlled , on the one hand , by intercellular signaling and , on the other hand , by intrinsic mechanisms such as epigenetic chromatin modifications . The Notch signaling pathway is a highly conserved and widespread signaling mechanism ( Artavanis-Tsakonas et al . , 1999; Greenwald and Kovall , 2013 ) , which has been implicated in key cell-fate decisions such as the decision between proliferation and differentiation ( Liu et al .
Summarize: Summarize: To examine the role of SKAP2 in the pathogenesis of pneumonic K . pneumoniae infection , we intranasally infected wild-type ( WT ) BALB/c or BALB/c Skap2-/- mice with a streptomycin-resistant derivative of K . pneumoniae 43816 , a hyper-capsule producer that belongs to one of the most common hypervirulent serotype , K2 ( Paczosa and Mecsas , 2016; Paczosa et al . , 2020; Silver et al . , 2019 ) . Previous studies using K . pneumoniae 43816 or a derivative of this strain have reported a 50% lethal dose at 48 hr after infection with 35 103 colony forming units ( cfu ) in BALB/c mice , and a robust infection with high bacterial burden and cellular infiltration in the lungs by 24 hr with mice developing disseminated infection by 48 hr in C57BL/6J ( Lawlor et al . , 2005; Xiong et al . , 2015; Ye et al . , 2001; Feldman et al . , 2019 ) . WT and S Kap2-/- mice were infected with 5 103 cfu and were monitored for weight loss , bacterial colonization , and innate cell recruitment at 8 , 16 , and 24 hr post infection ( hpi ) ( Figure 1A–C; Figure 1—figure supplement 1A , E–J ) .
Summarize: Summarize: Plasmodium vivax relapse infections occur following activation of latent liver-stages parasites ( hypnozoites ) causing new blood-stage infections weeks to months after the initial infection . We develop a within-host mathematical model of liver-stage hypnozoites , and validate it against data from tropical strains of P . vivax . The within-host model is embedded in a P . vivax transmission model to demonstrate the build-up of the hypnozoite reservoir following new infections and its depletion through hypnozoite activation and death . The hypnozoite reservoir is predicted to be over-dispersed with many individuals having few or no hypnozoites , and some having intensely infected livers . Individuals with more hypnozoites are predicted to experience more relapses and contribute more to onwards P . vivax transmission . Incorporating hypnozoite killing drugs such as primaquine into first-line treatment regimens is predicted to cause substantial reductions in P . vivax transmission as individuals with the most hypnozoites are more likely to relapse and be targeted for treatment . The study of the transmission dynamics of vector-borne diseases such as Plasmodium falciparum malaria has a rich history , a theoretical foundation based on the Ross-Macdonald models ( malERA ConsultativeGroup on Modeling , 2011; Smith et al . , 2012; Reiner et al . , 2013; Smith et al . , 2014 ) , a class of mathematical models 
Summarize: Summarize: When 2 Mha of Amazonian forests are disturbed by selective logging each year , more than 90 Tg of carbon ( C ) is emitted to the atmosphere . Emissions are then counterbalanced by forest regrowth . with an original modelling approach , calibrated on a network of 133 permanent forest plots ( 175 ha Total ) across Amazonia , we link regional differences in climate , soil and initial biomass with survivors’ and recruits’ C fluxes to provide Amazon-wide predictions of post-logging C recovery . We show that net aboveground C recovery over 10 years is higher in the Guiana Shield and in the west ( 21 3 Mg C ha-1 ) than in the south ( 12 3 Mg C ha-1 ) where environmental stress is high ( low rainfall , high seasonality ) . We highlight the key role of survivors in the forest regrowth and elaborate a comprehensive map of post-disturbance C recovery potential in Amazonia . with on-going climate change , attention is increasingly drawn to the impacts of human activities on carbon ( C ) cycles ( Griggs and Noguer , 2002 ) , and in particular to the 2 . 1 1 . 1 Pg C yr-1 of C loss caused by various forms and intensities of anthropogenic disturbances in tropical forests ( Grace et al . , 2014 ) . Among those disturbances , selective logging , i . e . the selective harvest of a few merchantable tree species , is particularly widespread: in the Brazilian Amazon alone , about 2 Mha yr1 were logged in 1999–2002 ( Asner et al . , 2005
Summarize: Summarize: Neurosphere formation is commonly used as a surrogate for neural stem cell ( NSC ) function but the relationship between neurosphere-initiating cells ( NICs ) and NSCs remains unclear . We prospectively identified , and isolated by flow cytometry , adult mouse lateral ventricle subventricular zone ( SVZ ) NICs as GlastmidEGFRhighPlexinB2highCD24/lowO4/PSA-NCAM/lowTer119/ CD45 ( GEPCOT ) cells . They were highly mitotic and short-lived in vivo based on fate-mapping with Ascl1CreERT2 and Dlx1CreERT2 . In contrast , pre-GEPCOT cells were quiescent , expressed higher Glast , and lower EGFR and PlexinB2 . Pre-GEPCOT cells could not form neurospheres but expressed the stem cell markers Slc1a3-CreERT , GFAP-CreERT2 , Sox2CreERT2 , and Gli1CreERT2 and were long-lived in vivo . While GEPCOT NICs were ablated by temozolomide , pre-GEPCOT cells survived and repopulated the SVZ . Conditional deletion of the Bmi-1 polycomb protein depleted pre-GEPCOT and GEPCOT cells , though pre-GEPCOT cells were more dependent upon Bmi-1 for Cdkn2a ( p16INk4a ) repression . Our data distinguish quiescent NSCs from NICs and make
Summarize: Summarize: Piezo1 is a mechanically activated ion channel involved in sensing forces in various cell types and tissues . Cryo-electron microscopy has revealed that the Piezo1 structure is bowl-shaped and capable of inducing membrane curvature via its extended footprint , which indirectly suggests that piezo1 ion channels may bias each other’s spatial distribution and interact functionally . Here , we use cell-attached patch-clamp electrophysiology and pressure-clamp stimulation to functionally examine large numbers of membrane patches from cells expressing Piezo1 endogenously at low levels and cells overexpressing piezo1 at high levels . Our data , together with stochastic simulations of Piezo1 spatial distributions , show that both at endogenous densities ( 1–2 channels/m2 ) , and at non-physiological densities ( 10–100 channels/m2 ) predicted to cause substantial footprint overlap , Piezo1 density has no effect on its pressure sensitivity or open probability in the nominal absence of membrane tension . The results suggest that Piezo channels , at densities likely to be physiologically relevant , inherently behave as independent mechanotransducers . We propose that this property is essential for cells to transduce forces homogeneously across the entire cell membrane . Cells are constantly exposed to mechanical forces and have evolved diverse molecular mechanisms that enable force detection . The rapid sensing of mechanical forces that occurs in milliseconds is achieved by force-gated ion channels that convert mechanical energy into electrochemical signals ( Kefauver et al . , 2020 ) . For example , Piezo1 is
Summarize: Summarize: Many decisions are thought to arise via the accumulation of noisy evidence to a threshold or bound . In perception , the mechanism explains the effect of stimulus strength , characterized by signal-to-noise ratio , on decision speed , accuracy and confidence . It also makes intriguing predictions about the noise itself . An increase in noise should lead to faster decisions , reduced accuracy and , paradoxically , higher confidence . To test these predictions , we introduce a novel sensory manipulation that mimics the addition of unbiased noise to motion-selective regions of visual cortex , which we verified with neuronal recordings from macaque areas MT/MST . For both humans and monkeys , increasing the noise induced faster decisions and greater confidence over a range of stimuli for which accuracy was minimally impaired . The magnitude of the effects was in agreement with predictions of a bounded evidence accumulation model . Decisions that combine information from different sources or across time are of special interest to neuroscience because they serve as a model of cognitive function . These decisions are not hard wired or reflexive , yet they are experimentally tractable . Psychologists have long sought to understand how the process of decision formation gives rise to key observables ( Cartwright and Festinger , 1943; Audley , 1960; Vickers , 1979 ) . First there is the choice itself ( left or Right , coffee or tea ) , which determines accuracy in cases where a correct alternative can be defined . third , there is the time it takes to reach a decision , which determines reaction-time ( RT ) . RT furnishes a powerful constraint on models of decision-making , and is a 
Summarize: Summarize: The insulin-like signaling pathway maintains a relatively short wild-type lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans by phosphorylating and inactivating DAF-16 , the ortholog of the FOXO transcription factors of mammalian cells . DAF-16 is phosphorylated by the AKT kinases , preventing its nuclear translocation . Calcineurin ( PP2B phosphatase ) also limits the lifespan of C . elegans , but the mechanism through which it does so is unknown . Herein , we show that TAX-6•CNB-1 and UNC-43 , the C . elegans Calcineurin and Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent kinase type II ( CAMKII ) orthologs , respectively , also regulate lifespan through DAF-16 . Moreover , UNC-43 regulates DAF-16 in response to various stress conditions , including starvation , heat or oxidative stress , and cooperatively contributes to lifespan regulation by insulin signaling . However , unlike insulin signaling , UNC-43 phosphorylates and activates DAF-16 , thus promoting its nuclear localization . The phosphorylation of DAF-16 at S286 by UNC-43 is removed by TAX-6•CNB-1 , leading to DAF-16 inactivation . Mammalian FOXO3 is also regulated by CAMKIIA and Calcineurin . Multiple signaling pathways , including insulin/IGF-1 signaling ( IIS ) , germline signaling , mitochondrial signaling , and the
Summarize: Summarize: Motor sequences are formed through the serial execution of different movements , but how nervous systems implement this process remains largely unknown . We determined the organizational principles governing how dirty fruit flies groom their bodies with sequential movements . Using genetically targeted activation of neural subsets , we drove distinct motor programs that clean individual body parts . This enabled Competition experiments revealing that the motor programs are organized into a suppression hierarchy; motor programs that occur first suppress those that occur later . cleaning one body part reduces the sensory drive to its motor program , which relieves suppression of the next movement , allowing the grooming sequence to progress down the hierarchy . A model featuring independently evoked cleaning movements activated in parallel , but selected serially through hierarchical suppression , was successful in reproducing the grooming sequence . This provides the first example of an innate motor sequence implemented by the prevailing model for generating human action sequences . Summarize: appearance of different cleaning movements for both undusted and dusted flies . Head cleaning movements are all binned because of the difficulty distinguishing between eye and antennal cleaning when flies were dusted ( labeled whole head ) . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 02951 . 00710 . 7554/eLife . 02951 . 008Figure 1—figure supplement 5 . Transitions among cleaning movements performed by dusted wild-type flies over a time course . Diagrams are generated from manually scored video in 5-min bins , over a 25-min time course ( n = 6 flies ) . The radii of the no
Summarize: Summarize: Accurate chromosome segregation depends on coordination between cohesion resolution and kinetochore-microtubule interactions ( K-fibers ) , a process regulated by the spindle assembly checkpoint ( SAC ) . How these diverse processes are coordinated remains unclear . We show that in mammalian oocytes Shugoshin-like protein 2 ( Sgol2 ) in addition to protecting cohesin , plays an important role in turning off the SAC , in promoting the congression and bi-orientation of bivalents on meiosis I spindles , in facilitating formation of K-fibers and in limiting bivalent stretching . Sgol2’s ability to protect cohesin depends on its interaction with PP2A , as is its ability to silence the SAC , the latter being mediated by direct binding to Mad2 . In contrast , its effect on bivalent stretching and K-fiber formation is independent of PP2A and mediated by recruitment of MCAK and inhibition of Aurora C kinase activity respectively . By virtue of its multiple interactions , Sgol2 links many of the processes essential for faithful chromosome segregation . The production of haploid gametes from diploid germ cells depends on two rounds of chromosome segregation ( meiosis I and II ) without an intervening round of DNA replication . Defects during the first or second meiotic division in oocytes lead to formation of aneuploid eggs , which in humans occurs with a frequency between 10 and 30% and is a major cause of fetal miscarriages ( Hassold and
Summarize: Summarize: The persistence of experience-dependent changes in brain connectivity requires RNA localization and protein synthesis . Previous studies have demonstrated a role for local translation in altering the structure and function of synapses during synapse formation and experience-dependent synaptic plasticity . In this study , we ask whether in addition to promoting local translation , local stimulation also triggers directed trafficking of RNAs from nucleus to stimulated synapses . Imaging of RNA localization and translation in cultured Aplysia sensory-motor neurons revealed that RNAs were delivered throughout the arbor of the sensory neuron , but that translation was enriched only at sites of synaptic contact and/or synaptic stimulation . Investigation of the mechanisms that trigger local translation revealed a role for calcium-dependent retrograde netrin-1/DCC receptor signaling . Spatially restricting gene expression by regulating local translation rather than by directing the delivery of mRNAs from nucleus to stimulated synapses maximizes the readiness of the entire neuronal arbor to respond to local cues . Synapse formation and long-lasting experience-dependent synaptic plasticity require new RNA and protein synthesis ( Kandel , 2001; Kalinovsky and Scheiffele , 2004 ) . Neurons are dramatically polarized and compartmentalized cells , elaborating axonal and dendritic processes that extend long distances and forming thousands of synaptic connections with other neurons . This polarity and compartmentalization poses challenges to the spatial regulation of gene expression during synapse formation and synaptic plasticity: how can the products of gene expression be restricted to specific synapses
Summarize: Summarize: To establish an inducible CRISPRi KD of ROCK1 or CDH1 , we used a doxycycline ( DOX ) -inducible CRISPRi hiPSC line ( CRISPRi-Gen1C ) ( Mandegar et al . , 2016 ) ( Figure 1B ) . Guide RNA ( gRNA ) sequences designed to target the transcription start site of ROCK1 or CDH1 ( Supplementary file 1 - Table 1 ) were introduced into CRISPR-Gen1C HiPSCs and KD was induced by the addition of DOX ( 2 M ) into cell culture media . After 3 days of KD induction , ROCK1 mRNA levels were 30% of hiPSCs without DOX treatment , and CDH1 mRNA levels in CDH1 KD hiPSCs were 10% compared to untreated controls ( Figure 1C ) . Protein KD followed a similar trend where KD populations compared to untreated controls resulted in 20% ROCK1 protein and 10% of CDH1 protein by day of DOX treatment , and reduced protein levels were maintained through day six of CRISPRi induction ( Figure 1C , Figure 1—figure supplement 1 ) . Both the ROCK1 KD cells and the CDH1 KD cells retained epithelial hiPSC morphologies without single cell migration away from the colonies ( Figure 1D ) . However , CDH1 KD hiPSCs displayed irregular colony shapes that maintained smooth peripheral edges , but contained regions lacking cells within colonies ( Figure 1D ) . Conversely , ROCK1 KoD
Summarize: Summarize: Encoding precision in visual working memory decreases with the number of encoded items . Here , we propose a normative theory for such set size effects: the brain minimizes a weighted sum of an error-based behavioral cost and a neural encoding cost . We construct a model from this theory and find that it predicts set size effects . Notably , these effects are mediated by probing probability , which aligns with previous empirical findings . The model accounts well for effects of both set size and probing probability on encoding precision in nine delayed-estimation experiments . Moreover , we find support for the prediction that the total amount of invested resource can vary non-monotonically with set size . Finally , we show that it is sometimes optimal to encode only a subset or even none of the relevant items in a task . Our findings raise the possibility that cognitive "limitations" arise from rational cost minimization rather than from constraints . The exception of constraints , our findings raise the possibility that cognitive " limitations " arise from rational cost minimization rather than from constraints . These findings raise the possibility that cognitive "limitations” arise from rational cost minimization rather than from constraints . The Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework Framework
Summarize: Summarize: Plants use autophagy to safeguard against infectious diseases . However , how plant pathogens interfere with autophagy-related processes is unknown . Here , we show that PexRD54 , an effector from the Irish potato famine pathogen Phytophthora infestans , binds host autophagy protein ATG8CL to stimulate autophagosome formation . PexRD54 depletes the autophagy cargo receptor Joka2 out of ATG8CL complexes and interferes with Joka2's positive effect on pathogen defense . Thus , a plant pathogen effector has evolved to antagonize a host autophagy cargo receptor to counteract host defenses . Autophagy is conserved catabolic pathway that sequesters unwanted cytosolic components into newly formed double membrane vesicles , autophagosomes , to direct them to the cell’s lytic compartment ( He and Klionsky , 2009 ) . The process plays a vital role in survival of the organism by improving cellular adaptation to environmental and stress conditions ( Shintani and Klionsky , 2004 ) . AUTOphagy provides building blocks and energy for elementary cellular processes by degrading dysfunctional or unnecessary cellular components during nutrient deprivation ( Shintani and Klionsky , 2004 ) . However , even though autophagy was initially thought to be a bulk degradation process activated during starvation , recent studies showed that it can act selectively , capturing specific substrates through specialized cargo receptors to respond to a variety of environmental and stress conditions ( Stolz et al . , 2014 ) .Auto
Summarize: Summarize: Upon cardiac pathological conditions such as ischemia , microenvironmental changes instruct a series of cellular responses that trigger cardiac fibroblasts-mediated tissue adaptation and inflammation . A comprehensive model of how early environmental changes may induce cardiac fibroblasts ( CF ) pathological responses is far from being elucidated , partly due to the lack of approaches involving complex and simultaneous environmental stimulation . Here , we provide a first analysis of human primary CF behavior by means of a multi-stimulus microdevice for combined application of cyclic mechanical strain and controlled oxygen tension . Our findings elucidate differential human CFs responses to different combinations of the above stimuli . Individual stimuli cause proliferative effects ( PHH3+ mitotic cells , YAP translocation , PDGF secretion ) or increase collagen presence . Interestingly , only the combination of hypoxia and a simulated loss of contractility ( 2% strain ) is able to additionally induce increased CF release of inflammatory and pro-fibrotic cytokines and matrix metalloproteinases . When supply of oxygen and nutrients to the myocardium is critically reduced ( ischemia ) , a complex tissue response takes place: within hours tissue necrosis and death of contractile cardiac myocytes occurs in the infarcted area giving rise to an inflammatory phase that recruits immune cells and activates quiescent cardiac fibroblasts ( CFs ) ; within a few days a proliferative phase begins , where activated CFs invade the infarcted area and contribute to degrading and replacing the extra-cellular matrix with a collagen-based scar; within weeks the matur
Summarize: Summarize: Histone acetylation and deposition of H2A . Z variant are integral aspects of active transcription . In Drosophila , the single DOminO chromatin regulator complex is thought to combine both activities via an unknown mechanism . Here we show that alternative isoforms of the DOminNO nucleosome remodeling ATPase , DOM-A and DOM-B , directly specify two distinct multi-subunit complexes . Both complexes are necessary for transcriptional regulation but through different mechanisms . The DOM-B complex incorporates H2A . V ( the fly ortholog of H2A . Z ) genome-wide in an ATP-dependent manner , like the yeast SWR1 complex . The DOM-A complex , instead , functions as an ATP-independent histone acetyltransferase complex similar to the yeast NuA4 , targeting lysine 12 of histone H4 . Our work provides an instructive example of how different evolutionary strategies lead to similar functional separation . In yeast and humans , nucleosome remodeling and histone acetyltransferase complexes originate from gene duplication and paralog specification . Drosophila generates the same diversity by alternative splicing of a single gene . Nucleosomes , the fundamental units of chromatin , are inherently stable and organized in polymeric fibers of variable compactness ( Baldi et al . , 2018; Erdel and Rippe , 2018 ) . The dynamic properties of the fiber required for gene regulation are implemented by several broad principles . ATP-dependent nucleosome remodeling
Summarize: Summarize: Neuromuscular junction formation requires proper interaction between motoneurons and muscle cells . -Catenin ( Ctnnb1 ) in muscle is critical for motoneuron differentiation; however , little is known about the relevant retrograde signal . In this paper , we dissected which functions of muscle Ctnnb1 are critical by an in vivo transgenic approach . We show that Ctnnb1 mutant without the transactivation domain was unable to rescue presynaptic deficits of Ctnnb1 mutation , indicating the involvement of transcription regulation . On the other hand , the cell-adhesion function of Ctnnb1 is dispensable . We screened for proteins that may serve as a Ctnnb1-directed retrograde factor and identified Slit2 . Transgenic expression of Slit2 specifically in the muscle was able to diminish presynaptic deficits by Ctnnb1 mutation in mice . Slit2 immobilized on beads was able to induce synaptophysin puncta in axons of spinal cord explants . Together , these observations suggest that Slit2 serves as a factor utilized by muscle Ctnnb1 to direct presynaptic differentiation . The neuromuscular junction ( NMJ ) is a cholinergic synapse that rapidly conveys signals from motoneurons to muscle cells to control muscle contraction . It exhibits a high degree of subcellular specialization characteristic of chemical synapses and has served as a model to study synaptogenesis ( Sanes and Lichtman , 2001; Wu et al
Summarize: Summarize: Force transduction at cell-cell adhesions regulates tissue development , maintenance and adaptation . We developed computational and experimental approaches to quantify , both sub-cellular and multi-cellular resolution , the dynamics of force transmission in cell clusters . Applying this technology to spontaneously-forming adherent epithelial cell clusters , we found that basal force fluctuations were coupled to E-cadherin localization at the level of individual cell-cell junctions . At the multi-cellular scale , cell-cell force exchange depended on the cell position within a cluster , and was adaptive to reconfigurations due to cell divisions or positional rearrangements . Importantly , force transmission through a cell required coordinated modulation of cell-matrix adhesion and actomyosin contractility in the cell and its neighbors . These data provide insights into mechanisms that could control mechanical stress homeostasis in dynamic epithelial tissues , and highlight our methods as a resource for the study of mechanotransduction in cell-cell adhesions . Tissues undergo continuous rearrangements that require tightly balanced exchanges of mechanical forces between individual cells through cadherin-mediated cell–cell junctions . The importance of mechanical coupling between cells has been documented for diverse multi-cellular processes , including tissue morphogenesis during development ( Mammoto and Ingber , 2010; Martin et al . , 2010; Rauzi et al . , 2010; Lecuit et al . , 2011; Weber et al . , 2012 ) , collective migration during wound healing ( Trepat et al . , 2009; Tambe e
Summarize: Summarize: The polyglutamine expansion in huntingtin protein causes Huntington’s disease . Here , we investigated structural and biochemical properties of huntingtin and the effect of the polyglutamine expansion using various biophysical experiments including circular dichroism , single-particle electron microscopy and cross-linking mass spectrometry . Huntingtin is likely composed of five distinct domains and adopts a spherical -helical solenoid where the amino-terminal and carboxyl-terminal regions fold to contain a circumscribed central cavity . Interestingly , we showed that the polyglutamine expansion increases -helical properties of huntingtin and affects the intramolecular interactions among the domains . Our work delineates the structural characteristics of full-length huntingtin , which are affected by the polyglutamine expansion , and provides an elegant solution to the apparent conundrum of how the extreme amino-terminal polyglutamine tract confers a novel property on huntingtin , causing the disease . Huntingtin is the entire large protein product ( >350 kDa MW ) of the Huntingtin gene ( HTT previously HD ) . Huntingtin has a segment of polyglutamine near its amino terminus ( Amino-terminal ) that is encoded by a polymorphic CAG trinucleotide repeat . If expanded above 38-residues , this mutation causes Huntington’s disease ( HD ) , a dominant neurodegenerative disorder ( Huntington's Disease Collaborative ResearchGroup , 1993 ) . The strong correlation between the size of the expanded repeat and the
Summarize: Summarize: NCOA4 is a selective cargo receptor for the autophagic turnover of ferritin , a process critical for regulation of intracellular iron bioavailability . However , how ferritinophagy flux is controlled and the roles of NCOA4 in iron-dependent processes are poorly understood . Through analysis of the NCOA4-FTH1 interaction , we demonstrate that direct association via a key surface arginine in FTH1 and a C-terminal element in NCOA4 is required for delivery of ferritin to the lysosome via autophagosomes . Moreover , NCOA4 abundance is under dual control via autophagy and the ubiquitin proteasome system . Ubiquitin-dependent NCOA4 turnover is promoted by excess iron and involves an iron-dependent interaction between NCOA4 and the HERC2 ubiquitin ligase . In zebrafish and cultured cells , NCOA4 plays an essential role in erythroid differentiation . This work reveals the molecular nature of the NCOA4-ferritin complex and explains how intracellular iron levels modulate NCOA4-mediated ferritinophagy in cells and in an iron-dependent physiological setting . Iron is essential for the survival of nearly all organisms as it serves as a cofactor for a host of biochemical processes including oxygen storage , oxidative phosphorylation , and enzymatic reactions required for cellular proliferation ( Pantopoulos et al . , 2012 ) . However , the levels of free iron in a cell must be tightly controlled to avoid the generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) via the Fenton reaction (
Summarize: Summarize: Higher-level cognition depends on the lateral prefrontal cortex ( LPFC ) , but its functional organization has remained elusive . An influential proposal is that the LPFC is organized hierarchically whereby progressively rostral areas of the LPFC process/represent increasingly abstract information facilitating efficient and flexible cognition . However , support for this theory has been limited . Here , human fMRI data revealed rostral/caudal gradients of abstraction in the LPFC . Dynamic causal modeling revealed asymmetrical LPFC interactions indicative of hierarchical processing . Contrary to dominant assumptions , the relative strength of efferent versus afferent connections positioned mid LPFC as the apex of the hierarchy . Furthermore , cognitive demands induced connectivity modulations towards mid LPFC consistent with a role in integrating information for control operations . Moreover , the strengths of these dynamics were related to trait-measured higher-level cognitive ability . Collectively , these results suggest that the LPFC is hierarchically organized with the mid LPFC positioned to synthesize abstract and concrete information to control behavior . The prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) is central to higher-level cognition . Damage to the PFC produces severe deficits in goal-directed cognition ( Luria , 1966; Damasio and Anderson , 1993; Lhermitte , 1986 ) and neuroimaging studies have demonstrated the involvement of the PFC across a wide range of tasks ( Duncan and Owen , 2000; Niendam et al . , 2012 ) . Despite its ubiquitous influence , mechanistic insight into PFC
Summarize: Summarize: Cortical expansion and folding are often linked to the evolution of higher intelligence , but molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying cortical folding remain poorly understood . The hominoid-specific gene TBC1D3 undergoes segmental duplications during hominoid evolution , but its role in brain development has not been explored . Here , we found that expression of TBC1D3 in ventricular cortical progenitors of mice via in utero electroporation caused delamination of ventricular radial glia cells ( vRGs ) and promoted generation of self-renewing basal progenitors with typical morphology of outer radial glia ( oRG ) , which are most abundant in primates . Furthermore , down-regulation of TBC1D3 in cultured human brain slices decreased generation of oRGs . Interestingly , localized oRG proliferation resulting from either in utero electroporation or transgenic expression of TBC1D3 , was often found to underlie cortical regions exhibiting folding . Thus , we have identified a hominoid gene that is required for oRG generation in regulating the cortical expansion and folding . It is generally assumed that the expansion of the mammalian neocortex during evolution correlates with the increase in intelligence , and this process involves increased production of cortical neurons , resulting from an extended neurogenic period as well as increased proliferative ability of neural stem cells and progenitors ( Geschwind and Rakic , 2013; Lui et al . , 2011; Sun and Hevner 
Summarize: Summarize: activation of systemic acquired resistance in plants is associated with transcriptome reprogramming induced by the unstable coactivator NPR1 . Immune-induced ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation of NPR1 are thought to facilitate continuous delivery of active NPR1 to target promoters , thereby maximising gene expression . Because of this potentially costly sacrificial process , we investigated if ubiquitination of NPR1 plays transcriptional roles prior to its proteasomal turnover . Here we show ubiquitination of NPR1 is a progressive event in which initial modification by a Cullin-RING E3 ligase promotes its chromatin association and expression of target genes . Only when polyubiquitination of NPR1 is enhanced by the E4 ligase , UBE4 , it is targeted for proteasomal degradation . Conversely , ubiquitin ligase activities are opposed by UBP6/7 , two proteasome-associated deubiquitinases that enhance NPR1 longevity . Thus , immune-induced transcriptome reprogramming requires sequential actions of E3 and E4 ligases balanced by opposing deubiquitinases that fine-tune activity of NPR1 without strict requirement for its sacrificial turnover . Immune responses must be tightly controlled to provide appropriate , efficient and timely resistance to pathogenic threats . A major hallmark of eukaryotic immune responses is dramatic reprogramming of the transcriptome to prioritise defences over other cellular functions . In plants transcriptional reprogramming is largely orchestrated by the immune hormone salicylic acid that accumulates upon recognition of bio
Summarize: Summarize: In Arabidopsis thaliana , abundant 24 nucleotide small interfering RNAs ( 24 nt siRNA ) guide the cytosine methylation and silencing of transposons and a subset of genes . 24 nt siRNA biogenesis requires nuclear RNA polymerase IV ( Pol IV ) , RNA- dependent RNA polymerase 2 ( RDR2 ) and DICER-like 3 ( DCL3 ) . However , siRNA precursors are mostly undefined . We identified PolIV and RDR2-dependent RNAs ( P4R2 RNAs ) that accumulate in dcl3 mutants and are diced into 24 nt RNAs by DCL3 in vitro . P4R2 RNAs are mostly 26-45 nt and initiate with a purine adjacent to a pyrimidine , characteristics shared by Pol IV transcripts generated in vitro . RDR2 terminal transferase activity , also demonstrated in vitro , may account for occasional non-templated nucleotides at P4R2 RNA 3’ termini . The 24 nt siRNAs primarily correspond to the 5' or 3' ends of P4R2 RNAs , suggesting a model whereby siRNAs are generated from either end of P4R2 duplexes by single dicing events . In plants , transposable elements , transgenes , repetitive sequences and endogenous genes can be transcriptionally silenced by RNA-directed DNA methylation ( Matzke and Mosher , 2014; Pikaard et al
Summarize: Summarize: Mature neural networks synchronize and integrate spatiotemporal activity patterns to support cognition . Emergence of these activity patterns and functions is believed to be developmentally regulated , but the postnatal time course for neural networks to perform complex computations remains unknown . We investigate the progression of large-scale synaptic and cellular activity patterns across development using high spatiotemporal resolution in vivo electrophysiology in immature mice . We reveal that mature cortical processes emerge rapidly and simultaneously after a discrete but volatile transition period at the beginning of the second postnatal week of rodent development . The transition is characterized by relative neural quiescence , after which spatially distributed , temporally precise , and internally organized activity occurs . We demonstrate a similar developmental trajectory in humans , suggesting an evolutionarily conserved mechanism that could facilitate a transition in network operation . We hypothesize that this transient quiescent period is a requisite for the subsequent emergence of coordinated cortical networks . Multiple cognitive functions emerge rapidly during early development . Neural networks enable precise spatiotemporal coordination of synaptic and cellular activity in mature brain functions ( Fries et al . , 1997; Maingret et al . , 2016; Peyrache et al . , 2009; Khodagholy et al . , 2017 ) . How immature neural networks develop into their mature form needed for the complex computations underlying cognition remains poorly understood . The first organized and predominant pattern of neural activity that appears in cortical circuits across species is a spindle-like oscillation ( 10–20 Hz ) that occurs intermittently on a background of relative neural
Summarize: Summarize: The coexistence of multiple independently circulating strains in pathogen populations that undergo sexual recombination is a central question of epidemiology with profound implications for control . An agent-based model is developed that extends earlier ‘strain theory’ by addressing the var gene family of Plasmodium falciparum . The model explicitly considers the extensive diversity of multi-copy genes that undergo antigenic variation via sequential , mutually exclusive expression . It tracks the dynamics of all unique var repertoires in a population of hosts , and shows that even under high levels of sexual recombination , strain competition mediated through cross-immunity structures the parasite population into a subset of coexisting dominant repertoires of var genes whose degree of antigenic overlap depends on transmission intensity . Empirical comparison of patterns of genetic variation at antigenic and neutral sites supports this role for immune selection in structuring parasite diversity . Many pathogen populations seem to be composed of several independent strains; this has important implications for disease surveillance and control , as well as for the identification of vaccine targets . In particular , the population genetic interactions between pathogen strains can have significant epidemiological consequences , influencing transmissibility , clinical immunity , and the duration and severity of infection . An extensive variety of microparasites have been studied in this context: protozoa , such as Plasmodium falciparum , Leishmania , and Trypanosoma brucei; viruses , such as Influenza , HIV and Dengue; and bacteria , such as E . coli , Bordetella spp . and Neisseria meningitides ( Tibayrenc et
Summarize: Summarize: The deamidase OspI from enteric bacteria Shigella flexneri deamidates a glutamine residue in the host ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme UBC13 and converts it to glutamate ( Q100E ) . Consequently , its polyubiquitination activity in complex with the RING-finger ubiquitin ligase TRAF6 and the downstream NF-B inflammatory response is silenced . The precise role of deamidation in silencing the U BC13/TRAF6 complex is unknown . We report that deamidation inhibits the interaction between UBC13 and TRAF6 RING-domain ( TRAF6 Ring ) by perturbing both the native and transient interactions . Deamidation creates a new intramolecular salt-bridge in UBC13 that competes with a critical intermolecular salt-bridge at the native UBC13/TraF6RING interface . Moreover , the salt-bridge competition prevents transient interactions necessary to form a typical UBC13/ Racing complex . Repulsion between E100 and the negatively charged surface of RING also prevents transient interactions in the UBC13/érer complex . Our findings highlight a mechanism wherein a post-translational modification perturbs the conformation and stability of transient complexes to inhibit protein-protein association . Several bacterial pathogens secrete effector proteins that inhibit or co-opt the Ubiquitin ( Ub ) pathway to suppress the immune response of the host cell ( Ashida et al . , 2014 ) . The human pathogenic bacteria Shigella flexneri inactivates the
Summarize: Summarize: Bidirectional manipulations – activation and inactivation – are widely used to identify the functions supported by specific cortical interneuron types . Implicit in much of this work is the notion that tonic activation and inactivation will both produce valid , internally consistent insights into interneurons’ computational roles . Here , using single-unit recordings in auditory cortex of awake mice , we show that this may not generally hold true . Optogenetically manipulating somatostatin-positive ( Sst+ ) or parvalbumin-positive ( Pvalb+ ) interneurons while recording tone-responses showed that Sst+ inactivation increased response gain , while Pvalb+ inactivation weakened tuning and decreased information transfer , implying that these neurons support delineable computational functions . But activating Sst+ and Pvalb+ interneurons revealed no such differences . We used a simple network model to understand this asymmetry , and showed how relatively small changes in key parameters , such as spontaneous activity or strength of the light manipulation , determined whether activation and inactivation would produce consistent or paradoxical conclusions regarding interneurons’ computational functions . Throughout the neocortex , inhibition shapes the gain and tuning of sensory responses ( Kyriazi et al . , 1996; Tsumoto and Sato , 1985; Wang et al . , 2000 ) , controls the precise timing of evoked action potentials ( Akiyama et al . , 2004; Gabernet et al . , 2005; Hasenstaub et al . , 2005; Po
Summarize: Summarize: Cognitive functions such as working memory ( WM ) are emergent properties of large-scale network interactions . Synchronisation of oscillatory activity might contribute to WM by enabling the coordination of long-range processes . However , causal evidence for the way oscillatory activity shapes network dynamics and behavior in humans is limited . Here we applied transcranial alternating current stimulation ( tACS ) to exogenously modulate oscillatory activity in a right frontoparietal network that supports WM . Externally induced synchronization improved performance when cognitive demands were high . Simultaneously collected fMRI data reveals tACS effects dependent on the relative phase of the stimulation and the internal cognitive processing state . Specifically , synchronous tACS during the verbal WM task increased parietal activity , which correlated with behavioral performance . Furthermore , functional connectivity results indicate that the relative phase of frontoparietal stimulation influences information flow within the WM network . Overall , our findings demonstrate a link between behavioral performance in a demanding WM task and large-scale brain synchronization . Cognitive processes depend on coordinated interactions among large-scale distributed brain networks . Flexible and rapid propagation of information across distant brain regions is necessary to support these functions . A prominent hypothesis is that information exchange within and between networks occurs through the oscillatory synchronization of neuronal activity , such that synchronous neuronal firing binds neurons into ensembles engaged in specific computational functions ( Varela et al . , 2001; Fries , 2005; Womelsdorf et al . , 2007; Fries , 2015; Parkin et al . , 2015 ) 
Summarize: Summarize: Embryonic polarity of invertebrates , amphibians and fish is specified largely by maternal determinants , which fixes cell fates early in development . In contrast , amniote embryos remain plastic and can form multiple individuals until gastrulation . How is their polarity determined ? In the chick embryo , the earliest known factor is cVg1 ( homologous to mammalian growth differentiation factor 1 , GDF1 ) , a transforming growth factor beta ( TGF ) signal expressed posteriorly before gastrulation . A molecular screen to find upstream regulators of cVg1 in normal embryos and in embryos manipulated to form twins now uncovers the transcription factor Pitx2 as a candidate . We show that Pitx2 is essential for axis formation , and that it acts as a direct regulator of cVg1 expression by binding to enhancers within neighbouring genes . Pitx2 , Vg1/GDF1 and Nodal are also key actors in left–right asymmetry , suggesting that the same ancient polarity determination mechanism has been co-opted to different functions during evolution . In most invertebrates and anamniote vertebrates ( fishes and amphibians ) , embryonic polarity is first established by localisation of maternal determinants in the cytoplasm and/or cortex of the fertilised egg . This generates differences between the blastomeres that will form by cell division from the egg , and which will culminate in specifying the orientation of the embryonic axes ( Wilson , 1898 ) . Separati
Summarize: Summarize: Temporal experience of odor gradients is important in spatial orientation of animals . The fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster exhibits robust odor-guided behaviors in an odor gradient field . In order to investigate how early olfactory circuits process temporal variation of olfactory stimuli , we subjected flies to precisely defined odor concentration waveforms and examined spike patterns of olfactory sensory neurons ( OSNs ) and projection neurons ( PNs ) . We found a significant temporal transformation between OSN and PN spike patterns , manifested by the PN output strongly signaling the OSN spike rate and its rate of change . A simple two-dimensional model admitting the OSN spike rate and its rate of change as inputs closely predicted the PN output . When cascaded with the rate-of-change encoding by OSNs , PNs primarily signal the acceleration and the rate of change of dynamic odor stimuli to higher brain centers , thereby enabling animals to reliably respond to the onsets of odor concentrations . Odor distribution in nature is intermittent and dynamic ( Murlis et al . , 1992; Vickers et al . , 2001 ) , and animals have evolved the ability to detect and respond to temporal variation of odor stimuli ( David et al . , 1983; Thesen et al . , 1993; Vickers et al . , 2001; Porter et al . , 2007; Semmel Hack and Wang , 2009; Kato et al . , 2014 ) . In one of the most sophisticated
Summarize: Summarize: In Flowering plants , seed development is initiated by the fusion of the maternal egg and central cells with two paternal sperm cells , leading to the formation of embryo and endosperm , respectively . The fertilization products are surrounded by the maternally derived seed coat , whose development prior to fertilization is blocked by epigenetic regulators belonging to the PolycombGroup ( PcG ) protein family . Here we show that fertilization of the central cell results in the production of auxin and most likely its export to the maternal tissues , which drives seed coat development by removing PcG function . We furthermore show that mutants for the MADS-box transcription factor AGL62 have an impaired transport of auxin from the endosperm to the integuments , which results in seed abortion . We propose that AGL62 regulates auxin transport from the endosperm to the integuments , leading to the removal of the PcG block on seed coat development . In flowering plants , fertilization of the two female gametes , egg cell and central cell by the two male sperm cells results in the development of the embryo and the endosperm , a nourishing tissue which supports embryo growth . These two fertilization products are surrounded by the seed coat , a sporophytic tissue of purely maternal origin . While the embryo is the only component of the seed that will form the next generation , it contributes little to seed growth . Instead , the interplay between the endosperm and seed coat determines the final size of the seed . Impaired endosperm proliferation has a negative effect on seed coat development , as is the case in the Arabidops
Summarize: Summarize: The interaction between a bacteriophage and its host is mediated by the phage's receptor binding protein ( RBP ) . Despite its fundamental role in governing phage activity and host range , molecular rules of RBP function remain a mystery . Here , we systematically dissect the functional role of every residue in the tip domain of T7 phage RBP ( 1660 variants ) by developing a high-throughput , locus-specific , phage engineering method . This rich dataset allowed us to cross compare functional profiles across hosts to precisely identify regions of functional importance , many of which were previously unknown . Substitution patterns showed host-specific differences in position and physicochemical properties of mutations , revealing molecular adaptation to individual hosts . We discovered gain-of-function variants against resistant hosts and host-constricting variants that eliminated certain hosts . To demonstrate therapeutic utility , we engineered highly active T7 variants against a urinary tract pathogen . Our approach presents a generalized framework for characterizing sequence–function relationships in many phage–bacterial systems . Bacteriophages ( or ‘phages’ ) shape microbial ecosystems by infecting and killing targeted bacterial species . As a result , they are promising tools for treatment of antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections and microbiome manipulation ( Canfield and Duerkop , 2020; Chen et al . , 2014; Clokie et al . , 2011; Dedrick et al . , 2019; Kilcher and Loessner , 2019; Kutter et al . , 2015; Mizu
Summarize: Summarize: Individuals with congenital amusia have a lifelong history of unreliable pitch processing . Accordingly , they downweight pitch cues during speech perception and instead rely on other dimensions such as duration . We investigated the neural basis for this strategy . During fMRI , individuals with amusia ( N = 15 ) and controls ( N = 15 ) read sentences where a comma indicated a grammatical phrase boundary . They then heard two sentences spoken that differed only in pitch and/or duration cues and selected the best match for the written sentence . Prominent reductions in functional connectivity were detected in the amusia group between left prefrontal language-related regions and right hemisphere pitch-related regions , which reflected the between-group differences in cue weights in the same groups of listeners . Connectivity differences between these regions were not present during a control task . Our results indicate that the reliability of perceptual dimensions is linked with functional connectivity between frontal and perceptual regions and suggest a compensatory mechanism . Congenital amusia is a rare condition characterized by impaired perception of and memory for pitch ( Peretz et al . , 2002 ) . Although congenital amusia presents as an auditory condition , auditory cortical responses are normal ( Moreau et al . , 2013; Norman-Haignere et al . , 2016 ) , as is subcortical encoding of pitch ( Liu et al . , 2015b ) . The dominant view of amusia’s neural basis is that connectivity between right inferior front
Summarize: Summarize: Flow cytometry using a monoclonal antibody against Tasmanian devil 2m was used to assess the level of MHC class I expression on the surface of a representative DFT1 cell line ( DFT1_4906 ) ( Figure 1A ) , DFT1 cells treated with IFN ( DFT1_4906 + IFN ) ( Figure 1B ) , three DFT2 cell lines ( DFT2_RV , DFT2_SN and DFT2_TD549 ) ( Figure 1C , D and E ) and devil fibroblast cells ( Fibroblasts_Salem ) ( Figure 1F ) . As has been previously reported ( Siddle et al . , 2013 ) , DFT1 cells do not express 2m , but DFT1 cells treated with IFN upregulate 2m to the same level as devil fibroblast cells . In contrast , all three DFT2 cell lines express cell surface 2m , but the level of expression varies , DFT2_TD549 cells have the highest level of expression ( Mean Fluorescence INtensity ( MFI ) 42 . 1 ) followed by DFT2_RV ( MFI 37 . 6 ) and DFT2_SN ( MFI 12 . 1 ) . Although all three DFT2 cell lines express 2m , they have lower levels of 2m than DFT1 cells that have been treated with IFN ( MFI 92 . 5 ) and devil fibroblasts ( MFI 93 . 3 ) . These results indicate that DFT2 cells grown in culture express surface MHC
Summarize: Summarize: The granular retrosplenial cortex ( RSG ) is critical for both spatial and non-spatial behaviors , but the underlying neural codes remain poorly understood . Here , we use optogenetic circuit mapping in mice to reveal a double dissociation that allows parallel circuits in superficial RSG to process disparate inputs . The anterior thalamus and dorsal subiculum , sources of spatial information , strongly and selectively recruit small low-rheobase ( LR ) pyramidal cells in RSG . In contrast , neighboring regular-spiking ( RS ) cells are preferentially controlled by claustral and anterior cingulate inputs , sources of mostly non-spatial information . Precise sublaminar axonal and dendritic arborization within RSG layer 1 , in particular , permits this parallel processing . Observed thalamocortical synaptic dynamics enable computational models of LR neurons to compute the speed of head rotation , despite receiving head direction inputs that do not explicitly encode speed . Thus , parallel input streams identify a distinct principal neuronal subtype Ideally positioned to support spatial orientation computations in the RSG . Activity in the granular retrosplenial cortex ( RSG ) is correlated with a wide variety of behaviors , including spatial navigation , learning , memory , fear conditioning , imagination , and planning for the future ( Alexander et al . , 2020; Alexander and Nitz , 2017; Chang et al . , 2020; Chrastil , 2018; Hinman et al . , 2018; Mao 
Summarize: Summarize: Traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) is a prominent risk factor for dementias including tauopathies like chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( CTE ) . The mechanisms that promote prion-like spreading of Tau aggregates after TBI are not fully understood , in part due to lack of tractable animal models . Here , we test the putative role of seizures in promoting the spread of tauopathy . We introduce ‘tauopathy reporter’ zebrafish expressing a genetically encoded fluorescent Tau biosensor that reliably reports accumulation of human Tau species when seeded via intraventricular brain injections . Subjecting zebrafish larvae to a novel TBI paradigm produced various TBI features including cell death , post–traumatic seizures , and Tau inclusions . Bath application of dynamin inhibitors or anticonvulsant drugs rescued TBI-induced tauopathy and cell death . These data suggest a role for seizure activity in the prion-like seeding and spreading of tauopathy following TBI . Further work is warranted regarding anti-convulsants that dampen post-traumatic seizures as a route to moderating subsequent tauopathy . Traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) is a leading cause of mortality and disability worldwide ( Hay et al . , 2016; Nguyen et al . , 2016; Rimel et al . , 1981 ) . It is also a prominent risk factor for neurodegeneration and dementia , such as chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( CTE ) ( Chauhan , 2014; Gardner and Yaffe , 2015; Uryu et al . , 2007 ) . T
Summarize: Summarize: Brain connectivity is often considered in terms of the communication between functionally distinct brain regions . Many studies have investigated the extent to which patterns of coupling strength between multiple neural populations relates to behaviour . For example , studies have used ‘functional connectivity fingerprints’ to characterise individuals' brain activity . Here , we investigate the extent to which the exact spatial arrangement of cortical regions interacts with measures of brain connectivity . We find that the shape and exact location of brain regions interact strongly with the modelling of brain connectivity , and present evidence that the spatial arrangement of functional regions is strongly predictive of non-imaging measures of behaviour and lifestyle . We believe that , in many cases , cross-subject variations in the spatial configuration of functional brain regions are being interpreted as changes in functional connectivity . Therefore , a better understanding of these effects is important when interpreting the relationship between functional imaging data and cognitive traits . Summarize: To determine whether a given rfMRI-derived FC measure contains meaningful cross-subject information rather than random variability , we adopted an approach that makes use of the extensive set of behavioural , demographic , and lifestyle data acquired in the HCP . Our first analysis aims to determine which measures obtained from rfMRI and task data most strongly relate to interesting behavioural variability across individuals . Using Canonical Correlation Analysis ( CCA ) , we extracted population modes of cross-subject covariation that represent maximum correlations between combinations of variables in the subject behavioural measures and in the fMRI-derived measures , uncovering multivariate relationships between brain and behaviour . For example , previous work has used CCA on HCP data to identify a mode of population covariation that linked a positive-negative axis of 
Summarize: Summarize: Change in the identity of the components of the transcription pre-initiation complex is proposed to control cell type-specific gene expression . Replacement of the canonical TFIID-TBP complex with TRF3/TBP2 was reported to be required for activation of muscle-gene expression . The lack of a developmental phenotype in TBP2 null mice prompted further analysis to determine whether TBP2 deficiency can compromise adult myogenesis . We show here that TBP2 null mice have an intact regeneration potential upon injury and that TBP2 is not expressed in established C2C12 muscle cell or in primary mouse MuSCs . While TFIID subunits and TBP are downregulated during myoblast differentiation , reduced amounts of these proteins form a complex that is detectable on promoters of muscle genes and is essential for their expression . This evidence demonstrates that TBP2 does not replace TBP during muscle differentiation , as previously proposed , limiting amounts of TFIID-TBP being required to promote muscle-specific gene expression . The process of RNA polymerase II ( RNAPII ) recruitment to protein coding genes is part of the assembly of the Pre-Initiation Complex ( PIC ) that is typically nucleated by TFI ID-mediated recognition of core promoter sequences . The TFIID complex is composed of TATA-box binding protein ( TBP ) and TBP-associated factors ( TAFs ) ( Roeder , 1996; Tora , 2002 ) . Moreover , several TBP-related factors ( TRFs ) have been identified ( Akhtar and Veenstra , 2011 ) , expanding the repertoire and versatility of the basal
Summarize: Summarize: Brain stimulation modulates the excitability of neural circuits and drives neuroplasticity . While the local effects of stimulation have been an active area of investigation , the effects on large-scale networks remain largely unexplored . We studied stimulation-induced changes in network dynamics in two macaques . A large-scale optogenetic interface enabled simultaneous stimulation of excitatory neurons and electrocorticographic recording across primary somatosensory ( S1 ) and motor ( M1 ) cortex ( Yazdan-Shahmorad et al . , 2016 ) . We tracked two measures of network connectivity , the network response to focal stimulation and the baseline coherence between pairs of electrodes; these were strongly correlated before stimulation . Within minutes , stimulation in S1 or M1 significantly strengthened the gross functional connectivity between these areas . At a finer scale , stimulation led to heterogeneous connectivity changes across the network . These changes reflected the correlations introduced by stimulation-evoked activity , consistent withhebbian plasticity models . This work extends Hebbian plasticity models to large-scale circuits , with significant implications for stimulation-based Neurorehabilitation . Many neurological and psychiatric disorders arise from dysfunctional neural dynamics at the network level , which in turn stem from aberrant neural connectivity ( Stam , 2014; Wu et al . , 2016; Edwardson et al . , 2013; Yahata et al . , 2016; DeSalvo et al . , 2014; Skudlarski et al . , 2010 ) . The brain shows marked plasticity across a variety of learning and memory
Summarize: Summarize: Lesions of primary visual cortex ( V1 ) lead to loss of conscious visual perception with significant impact on human patients . Understanding the neural consequences of such damage may aid the development of rehabilitation methods . In this rare case of a Rhesus macaque ( monkey S ) , likely born without V1 , the animal’s in-group behaviour was unremarkable , but visual task training was impaired . with multi-modal magnetic resonance imaging , visual structures outside of the lesion appeared normal . Visual stimulation under anaesthesia with checkerboards activated lateral geniculate nucleus of monkey S , while full-field moving dots activated pulvinar . Visual cortical activation was sparse but included face patches . Consistently across lesion and control monkeys , functional connectivity analysis revealed an intact network of bilateral dorsal visual areas temporally correlated with V5/MT activation , even without V1 . Despite robust subcortical responses to visual stimulation , we found little evidence for strengthened subcortical input to V5/MT supporting residual visual function or blindsight-like phenomena . Primary visual cortex ( V1 ) of primates is the major gateway for feedforward input of visual information from the retina via the lateral geniculate nucleus ( LGN ) into a network of over 30 extrastriate visual areas ( Felleman and Van Essen , 1991; Markov et al . , 2014; Schmidt et al . , 2018 ) . V1 contains a complete , high resolution retinotopic map and contributes to cortical processing by computing local spatio-temporal correlations of the input ,
Summarize: Summarize: The ability to recognize foreign double-stranded ( ds ) DNA of pathogenic origin in the intracellular environment is an essential defense mechanism of the human innate immune system . However , the molecular mechanisms underlying distinction between foreign DNA and host genomic material inside the nucleus are not understood . By combining biochemical assays and single-molecule techniques , we show that the nuclear innate immune sensor IFI16 one-dimensionally tracks long stretches of exposed foreign dsDNA to assemble into supramolecular signaling platforms . We also demonstrate that nucleosomes represent barriers that prevent IFI16 from targeting host DNA by directly interfering with these one-dimensional movements . This unique scanning-assisted assembly mechanism allows IFI16 to distinguish friend from foe and assemble into oligomers efficiently and selectively on foreign DNA . The host innate immune system detects infection by directly recognizing molecular signatures associated with pathogens ( Janeway and Medzhitov , 2002; Medzhitov and Janeway , 2000 ) . Remarkably , such signatures include universal building blocks of all life , such as DNA and RNA ( Janeway and Medzhitov , 2002; Orzalli and Knipe , 2014; Paludan and Bowie , 2013 ) . In the cytoplasm , the immune system relies on the absence of endogenous DNA , and thus marks all detected DNA as 'foreign’ ( nonself ) ( Orzalli and Knipe , 2014; Paludan and Bowie , 2013 ) . However , DNA viruses often evade the cytosolic detection machineries , as
Summarize: Summarize: Spatially targeted optical microproteomics ( STOMP ) is a novel proteomics technique for interrogating micron-scale regions of interest ( ROIs ) in mammalian tissue , with no requirement for genetic manipulation . Methanol or formalin-fixed specimens are stained with fluorescent dyes or antibodies to visualize ROIs , then soaked in solutions containing the photo-tag: 4-benzoylbenzyl-glycyl-hexahistidine . Confocal imaging along with two photon excitation are used to covalently couple photo-tags to all proteins within each ROI , to a resolution of 0 . 67 m in the xy-plane and 1 . 48 m axially . After tissue solubilization , photo-tagged proteins are isolated and identified by mass spectrometry . As a test case , we examined amyloid plaques in an Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) mouse model and a post-mortem AD case , confirming known plaque constituents and discovering new ones . STOMP can be applied to various biological samples including cell lines , primary cell cultures , ex vivo specimens , biopsy samples , and fixed post-mortem tissue . This article explores the role of STOMP in various biological samples including cell lines , primary cell cultures , ex vivo specimens , biopsy samples , and fixed post-mortem tissue . Summarize: Pathological protein deposits have a long history as hallmarks of neurodegenerative disease . Early methods used to identify these deposits include the silver stain introduced by Golgi ( 1873 ) , and Virchow's
Summarize: Summarize: Disruption of the Frizzled3 ( Fz3 ) gene leads to defects in axonal growth in the VIIth and XIIth cranial motor nerves , the phrenic nerve , and the dorsal motor nerve in fore- and hindlimbs . In Fz3/ limbs , dorsal axons stall at a precise location in the nerve plexus , and , in contrast to the phenotypes of several other axon path-finding mutants , Fz3/ dorsal axons do not reroute to other trajectories . Affected motor neurons undergo cell death 2 days prior to the normal wave of developmental cell death that coincides with innervation of muscle targets , providing in vivo evidence for the idea that developing neurons with long-range axons are programmed to die unless their axons arrive at intermediate targets on schedule . These experiments implicate planar cell polarity ( PCP ) signaling in motor axon growth and they highlight the question of how PCP proteins , which form cell–cell complexes in epithelia , function in the dynamic context of axonal growth . The vertebrate nervous system is highly evolved to extract , integrate , retrieve , and transform information , with a functional sophistication that is mirrored in the complexity of its underlying neural circuits . These circuits are produced by precisely orchestrated patterns of neuronal proliferation , migration , and differentiation , and by the establishment of specific synaptic connections between neurons and their targets . For neurons with distant targets , making the
Summarize: Summarize: transposable elements ( TEs ) are thought to have helped establish gene regulatory networks . Both the embryonic and extraembryonic lineages of the early mouse embryo have seemingly co-opted TEs as enhancers , but there is little evidence that they play significant roles in gene regulation . Here we tested a set of long terminal repeat TE families for roles as enhancers in mouse embryonic and trophoblast stem cells . Epigenomic and transcriptomic data suggested that a large number of TEs helped to establish tissue-specific gene expression programmes . Genetic editing of individual TEs confirmed a subset of these regulatory relationships . However , a wider survey via CRISPR interference of RLTR13D6 elements in embryonic stem cells revealed that only a minority play significant roles in gene regulation . Our results suggest that a subset of TEs are important for gene regulation in early mouse development , and highlight the importance of functional experiments when evaluating gene regulatory roles of TEs . Our knowledge of the tissue-specific regulatory landscape of genomes has vastly increased over the last 10 years , thanks in part to large efforts from consortia such as ENCODE and NIH Roadmap ( ENCODE Project Consortium , 2012; Kundaje et al . , 2015 ) . But whilst such mapping efforts have been instrumental in categorising the non-coding genome into different types of biochemical activity , our understanding of the associated functional roles remains limited . One of the grand challenges of the post-ENCODE era has been to ascribe regulatory function to the biochemically active non-coding portion of genomes . This question is particularly pertinent to transposable elements (
Summarize: Summarize: C4 photosynthesis has independently evolved from the ancestral C3 pathway in at least 60 plant lineages , but , as with other complex traits , how it evolved is unclear . Here we show that the polyphyletic appearance of C4 photosynthesis is associated with diverse and flexible evolutionary paths that group into four major trajectories . We conducted a meta-analysis of 18 lineages containing species that use C3 , C4 , or intermediate C3–C4 forms of photosynthesis to parameterise a 16-dimensional phenotypic landscape . We then developed and experimentally verified a novel bayesian approach based on a hidden Markov model that predicts how the C4 phenotype evolved . The alternative evolutionary histories underlying the appearance of C4 photosynthesis were determined by ancestral lineage and initial phenotypic alterations unrelated to photosynthesis . We conclude that the order of C4 trait acquisition is flexible and driven by non-photosynthetic drivers . This flexibility will have facilitated the convergent evolution of this complex trait . The convergent evolution of complex traits is surprisingly common , examples including camera-like eyes of cephalopods , vertebrates , and cnidaria ( Kozmik et al . , 2008 ) , mimicry in invertebrates and vertebrates ( Santos et al . , 2003; Wilson et al . , 2012 ) and the different photosynthetic machineries of plants ( Sage et al . , 2011a ) . While the polyphyletic origin of simple traits ( Hill et al . , 2006; Steiner
Summarize: Summarize: undergo the initial conformational change that occurs upon binding the nucleotide . WT SpoIVA and SpoIVAT* exhibited a similar intermediate conformational change when incubated with ADP or GDP , but not the full conformational change that occurred upon nucleotide hydrolysis ( Figure 4E ) . An Similar intermediate conformational change upon binding GDP relative to binding GTP has been reported for other TRAFAC GTPases ( Coleman and Sprang , 1999 ) . Similar to the non-hydrolyzable nucleotides , SpoIVAT* and the NKxD variant did not display any conformational change when incubated with ADP or GDP ( Figure 4E ) . Curiously , incubation of WT SpoIVA with either ADP-AlFx or GDP-AlFx ( Figure 4F ) produced a conformational change that was similar to that produced upon full hydrolysis of the nucleotide ( Figure 4B , C ) . This suggested that the transition state mimics the activated state facilitated by ATP hydrolysis that is responsible for the conformational change seen in Figure 4A . As controls , incubation of the SpoIVAT* , which is devoid of the alcoholic residue found to be critical for stabilizing the transition state of the protein-nucleotide complex in TRAFAC GTPases ( Coleman and Sprang , 1999; Leipe et al . , 2002 ) , SpoIVAA* , or the NKxD variant with ADP-AlFx or GDP-AlFx did not exhibit a similar conformation
Summarize: Summarize: Leptin regulates energy balance and also exhibits neurotrophic effects during critical developmental periods . However , the actual role of leptin during development is not yet fully understood . To uncover the importance of leptin during development , the present study restored leptin signaling either at the third or tenth week of age in mice formerly null for the leptin receptor ( LepR ) gene . We found that some defects previously considered irreversible due to neonatal deficiency of leptin signaling , including the poor development of arcuate nucleus neural projections , were recovered by LepR reactivation in adulthood . However , LepR deficiency in early life led to irreversible obesity via suppression of energy expenditure . LepR reactivation in adulthood also led to persistent reduction in hypothalamic Pomc , Cartpt and Prlh mRNA expression and to defects in the reproductive system and brain growth . Our findings revealed that early defects in leptin signaling cause permanent metabolic , neuroendocrine and developmental problems . The hormone leptin is best known as a key signal to the brain conveying information about body energy reserves ( Maffei et al . , 1995 ) . Consequently , leptin receptor ( LepR ) -expressing neurons are apt to modulate food intake and energy expenditure according to the amount of energy stored and the current energy balance ( Ramos-Lobo and Donato , 2017 ) . Hence , null mutations in the genes that encode for leptin or LepR impair the capacity of the
Summarize: Summarize: The Arabidopsis immune receptor FLS2 perceives bacterial flagellin epitope flg22 to activate defenses through the central cytoplasmic kinase BIK1 . The heterotrimeric G proteins composed of the non-canonical G protein XLG2 , the G protein AGB1 , and the G proteins AGG1 and AGG2 are required for FLS2-mediated immune responses through an unknown mechanism . Here we show that in the pre-activation state , X LG2 directly interacts with FLS2 and BIK1 , and it functions together with AGB1 and AGG1/2 to attenuate proteasome-mediated degradation of BIK1 , allowing optimum immune activation . Following the activation by flg22 , XLG2 dissociates from AGB1 and is phosphorylated by BIK1 in the N terminus . The phosphorylated XLG2 enhances the production of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) likely by modulating the NADPH oxidase RbohD . The study demonstrates that the G proteins are directly coupled to the FLS2 receptor complex and regulate immune signaling through both pre-activation and post-activation mechanisms . As an intensely studied Pattern Recognition Receptor ( PRR ) in plants , FLS2 serves as an excellent model understanding plant innate immune signaling and receptor kinases in general ( Macho and Zipfel , 2014 ) . It forms a dynamic complex with the co-receptor BAK1 and the receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase BIK1 to perceive a conserve
Summarize: Summarize: The Arabidopsis circadian clock orchestrates gene regulation across the day/night cycle . Although a multiple feedback loop circuit has been shown to generate the 24-hr rhythm , it remains unclear how robust the clock is in individual cells , or how clock timing is coordinated across the plant . Here we examine clock activity at the single cell level across Arabidopsis seedlings over several days under constant environmental conditions . Our data reveal robust single cell oscillations , albeit desynchronised . In particular , we observe two waves of clock activity; one going down , and one up the root . We also find evidence of cell-to-cell coupling of the clock , especially in the root tip . A simple model shows that cell-to-cell coupling and our measured period differences between cells can generate the observed waves . Our results reveal the spatial structure of the plant clock and suggest that unlike the centralised mammalian clock , the Arabidopsis clock has multiple coordination points . The circadian clock controls gene expression throughout the day and night in most organisms , from single cell photosynthetic bacteria to mammals ( Bell-Pedersen et al . , 2005; Dunlap and Loros , 2017 ) . In many cases , a core circuit that generates this rhythm has been elucidated and was shown to oscillate in single cells . In multi-cellular organisms , these single cell rhythms can be integrated to allow a coordinated response to the environment ( Bell-Pedersen et al . , 2005 ) . Mammals achieve this by driving oscillations in peripheral tissues from a central pacemaker in the brain , the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN
Summarize: Summarize: In social settings , speech waveforms from nearby speakers mix together in our ear canals . Normally , the brain unmixes the attended speech stream from the chorus of background speakers using a combination of fast temporal processing and cognitive active listening mechanisms . Of >100 , 000 patient records , 10% of adults visited our clinic because of reduced hearing , only to learn that their hearing was clinically normal and should not cause communication difficulties . We found that multi-talker speech intelligibility thresholds varied widely in normal hearing adults , but could be predicted from neural phase-locking to frequency modulation ( FM ) cues measured with ear canal EEG recordings . Combining neural temporal fine structure processing , pupil-indexed listening effort , and behavioral FM thresholds accounted for 78% of the variability in Multi-talker speech intelligibility . The disordered bottom-up and top-down markers of poor multi-talker speech perception identified here could inform the design of next-generation clinical tests for hidden hearing disorders . Slow fluctuations in the sound pressure envelope are sufficient for accurate speech perception in quiet backgrounds ( Shannon et al . , 1995 ) . Envelope cues are less useful when speech is embedded in fluctuant backgrounds comprised of multiple talkers , environmental noise or reverberation ( Zeng et al . , 2005 ) . Under these conditions , segregating a target speech stream from background noise requires accurate encoding of low-frequency spectral and binaural cues contained in the stimulus temporal fine structure ( sTFS ) ( Hopkins and Moore , 2009; Lorenzi et al . , 2006 ) . Monaural
Summarize: Summarize: Tissue light scatter limits the visualization of the microvascular network deep inside the living mammal . The transparency of the mammalian eye provides a noninvasive view of the microvessels of the retina , a part of the central nervous system . Despite its clarity , imperfections in the optics of the eye blur microscopic retinal capillaries , and single blood cells flowing within . This limits early evaluation of microvascular diseases that originate in capillaries . To break this barrier , we use 15 kHz adaptive optics imaging to noninvasively measure single-cell blood flow , in one of the most widely used research animals: the C57BL/6J mouse . Measured flow ranged four orders of magnitude ( 0 . 0002–1 . 55 L min–1 ) across the full spectrum of retinal vessel diameters ( 3 . 2–45 . 8 m ) , without requiring surgery or contrast dye . Here , we describe the ultrafast imaging , analysis pipeline and automated measurement of millions of blood cell speeds . The Universe is essential for understanding the nature of blood cell speeds . Read Read Read read published on October 2015 . 2016 . John John John J J; D: L05:4 , 2011 . doi:10.1111/j.2041.0258.8991.3535.9719.9595.9826.2726.0484.9494.020266.1616.1212.1212.3816.2424.1836.2626.8792.0334.4626.0056.5426.2525.2946.776.11PBB1,6262.4947.7980.1717.1414.8427.9494.5532.4712.2626.1212.
Summarize: Summarize: Symbiosis Receptor-like Kinase ( SYMRK ) is indispensable for the development of phosphate-acquiring arbuscular mycorrhiza ( AM ) as well as nitrogen-fixing root nodule symbiosis , but the mechanisms that discriminate between the two distinct symbiotic developmental fates have been enigmatic . In this study , we show that upon ectopic expression , the receptor-like kinase genes Nod Factor REceptor 1 ( NFR1 ) , NFR5 , and SYMRK initiate spontaneous nodule organogenesis and nodulation-related gene expression in the absence of rhizobia . Furthermore , overexpressed NFR1 or NFR5 associated with endogenous SYMRK in roots of the legume Lotus japonicus . Epistasis tests revealed that the dominant active SYMRK allele initiates signalling independently of either the NFR1 or NFR5 gene and upstream of a set of genes required for the generation or decoding of calcium-spiking in both symbioses . Only SYMRK but not NFR overexpression triggered the expression of AM-related genes , indicating that the receptors play a key role in the decision between AM- or root nodule symbiosis-development . Plants circumvent nutrient deficiencies by establishing mutualistic symbioses with arbuscular mycorrhiza ( AM ) fungi or nitrogen-fixing rhizobia and Frankia bacteria ( Gutjahr and Parniske , 2013; Oldroyd ,
Summarize: Summarize: Quantitative behavioral measurements are important for answering questions across scientific disciplines—from neuroscience to ecology . State-of-the-art deep-learning methods offer major advances in data quality and detail by allowing researchers to automatically estimate locations of an animal’s body parts directly from images or Videos . However , currently available animal pose estimation methods have limitations in speed and robustness . Here , we introduce a new easy-to-use software toolkit , DeepPoseKit , that addresses these problems using an efficient multi-scale deep-learning model , called Ststocked DenseNet , and a fast GPU-based peak-detection algorithm for estimating keypoint locations with subpixel precision . These advances improve processing speed >2x with no loss in accuracy compared to currently available methods . We demonstrate the versatility of our methods with multiple challenging animal pose estimation tasks in laboratory and field settings—Including groups of interacting individuals . Our work reduces barriers to using advanced tools for measuring behavior and has broad applicability across the behavioral sciences . This article describes the evolution and applications of our methods with multiple challenging animal pose estimation tasks in laboratory and field settings—Including groups of interacting individuals . Our work reduces barriers to using advanced tools for measuring behavior and has broad applicability across the behavioral sciences . The exception of several studies , Our work reduces barriers to using advanced tools for measuring behavior and has broad applicability across the behavioral sciences . Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen
Summarize: Summarize: When innate immune cells such as macrophages are challenged with environmental stresses or infection by pathogens , they trigger the rapid assembly of multi-protein complexes called inflammasomes that are responsible for initiating pro-inflammatory responses and a form of cell death termed pyroptosis . We describe here the identification of an intracellular trigger of NLRP3-mediated inflammatory signaling , IL-1 production and pyroptosis in primed murine bone marrow-derived macrophages that is mediated by the disruption of glycolytic flux . This signal results from a drop of NADH levels and induction of mitochondrial ROS production and can be rescued by addition of products that restore NADH production . This signal is also important for host-cell response to the intracellular pathogen Salmonella typhimurium , which can disrupt metabolism by uptake of host-cell glucose . These results reveal an important inflammatory signaling network used by immune cells to sense metabolic dysfunction or infection by intracellular pathogens . Inflammation is an immunological process required for an organized response to infection , injury , and stress . Because excessive inflammation can be damaging , its initiation is highly regulated . Innate immune cells such as macrophages have evolved sensors of pathogens and homeostatic perturbations which , when activated , induce an immune response ( Medzhitov , 2008 ) . Amongst these sensors are Nod-like receptors ( NLRs ) , which are activated in response to a diverse set of pathogen-associated molecular patterns ( PAMPs ) and danger-associated molecular patterns ( DAMPs ) . 
Summarize: Summarize: BReast Cancer Associated proteins 1 and 2 ( BRCA1 , 2 ) and partner and Localizer of BRCA2 ( PALB2 ) protein are tumour suppressors linked to a spectrum of malignancies , including breast cancer and Fanconi anemia . PALB2 coordinates functions of BRCA1 and BRCA2 during homology-directed repair ( HDR ) and interacts with several chromatin proteins . In addition to protein scaffold function , PALB2 binds DNA . The functional role of this interaction is poorly understood . We identified a major DNA-binding site of PALB2 , mutations in which reduce RAD51 foci formation and the overall HDR efficiency in cells by 50% . PALB2 N-terminal DNA-binding domain ( N-DBD ) stimulates the function of RAD51 recombinase . Surprisingly , it possesses the strand exchange activity without RAD51 . Moreover , N-DBD stimulates the inverse strand exchange and can use DNA and RNA substrates . Our data reveal a versatile DNA interaction property of PALB2 and demonstrate a critical role of PALB2 DNA binding for chromosome repair in cells . Breast cancer associated proteins 1 and 2 ( BRCA1 , 2 ) regulate an efficient non-mutagenic pathway of chromosome break repair and are described as guardians of chromosomal integrity ( Venkitaraman , 2014 ) . They initiate RAD51-mediated homologous recombination ( HR ) ( Davies et al . , 2001; Moynahan et al . , 2001; Sharan
Summarize: Summarize: . 7554/eLife . 02634 . 008Video 1 . CcMreB distorts vesicles . Tomography of full-length untagged MreB ( CcMreB ) filaments ( +ATP ) bound to vesicles made from E . coli total lipid extract . MreB filaments are clearly seen on both the top and bottom Flattened surfaces of the vesicle . Scale bar: 20 nm . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 02634 . 008Video 1 . CcMreB distorts vesicles . Tomography of full-length untagged MreB ( CcMreB ) filaments ( +ATP ) bound to vesicles made from E . coli total lipid extract . MreB filaments are clearly seen on both the top and bottom flattened surfaces of the vesicle . Scale bar: 20 nm . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 02634 . 008Video 1 . CcMreB distorts vesicles . Tomography of full-length untagged MreB ( CcMreB ) filaments ( +ATP ) bound to vesicles made from E . coli total lipid extract . MreB filaments are clearly seen on both the top and bottom Flattened surfaces of the vesicle . Scale bar: 20 nm
Summarize: Summarize: Invariant floral forms are important for reproductive success and robust to natural perturbations . Petal number , for example , is invariant in Arabidopsis thaliana flowers . However , petal number varies in the closely related species Cardamine hirsuta , and the genetic basis for this difference between species is unknown . Here we show that divergence in the pleiotropic floral regulator APETALA1 ( AP1 ) can account for the species-specific difference in petal number robustness . This large effect of AP1 is explained by epistatic interactions: A . thaliana AP1 confers robustness by masking the phenotypic expression of quantitative trait loci controlling petal number in C . hirsuta . We show that C . hirsuta AP1 fails to complement this function of A . thaliana AP1 , conferring variable petal number , and that upstream regulatory regions of AP1 contribute to this divergence . Moreover , variable petal number is maintained in C . hirsuta despite sufficient standing genetic variation in natural accessions to produce plants with four-petalled Flowers . Determining the genetic basis of developmental traits , and how these evolve to generate novelties , is a major goal of evolutionary developmental biology . Developmental systems are remarkably robust to natural perturbations , such that individuals tend to develop normally despite variation in the environment or their genetic make-up ( Wagner , 2005 ) . Therefore , a particular challenge is to understand the developmental transitions between the robust morphology of individuals within a species , and the variation in form between species
Summarize: Summarize: Biosynthesis of insulin – critical to metabolic homeostasis – begins with folding of the proinsulin precursor , including formation of evolutionarily conserved intramolecular disulfide bonds . Remarkably , normal pancreatic islets contain a subset of proinsulin molecules bearing at least one free cysteine thiol . In human ( or rodent ) islets with a perturbed endoplasmic reticulum folding environment , non-native proinsulin enters intermolecular disulfide-linked complexes . In genetically obese mice with otherwise wild-type islets , disulfide-linked complexes of proinsulin are more abundant , and leptin receptor-deficient mice , the further increase of such complexes tracks with the onset of islet insulin deficiency and diabetes . Proinsulin-Cys ( B19 ) and Cys ( A20 ) are necessary and sufficient for the formation of proinsulin disulfide-linked complexes; indeed , proinsulin Cys ( B19 ) -Cys ( B19 ) covalent homodimers resist reductive dissociation , highlighting a structural basis for aberrant proinsulin complex formation . We conclude that increased proinsulin misfolding via disulfide-linked complexes is an early event associated with prediabetes that worsens with ß-cell dysfunction in type two diabetes . The progression of -cell dysfunction with endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress in prediabetes , to ß-cell failure with full-blown type two diabetes ( T2
Summarize: Summarize: SUV39H is the major histone H3 lysine 9 ( H3K9 ) -specific methyltransferase that targets pericentric regions and is crucial for assembling silent heterochromatin . SUV39H recognizes trimethylated H3K9 ( H3K9me3 ) via its chromodomain ( CD ) , and enriched H3K9me3 allows SUV39H to target specific chromosomal regions . However , the detailed targeting mechanisms , especially for nave chromatin without preexisting H3K9me3 , are poorly understood . Here we show that Suv39h1’s CD ( Suv39h1-CD ) binds nucleic acids , and this binding is important for its function in heterochromatin assembly . Suv39h1-CD had higher binding affinity for RNA than DNA , and its ability to bind nucleic acids was independent of its H3K9me3 recognition . Suv39h1 bound major satellite RNAs in vivo , and knockdown of major satellite RNAs lowered Suv39h1 retention on pericentromere . Suv39h1 mutational studies indicated that both the nucleic acid–binding and H3K9me–binding activities of Suv39h1-CD were crucial for its pericentric heterochromatin assembly . These results suggest that chromatin-bound RNAs contribute to creating SUV39H’s target specificity . Heterochromatin , a highly condensed chromatin structure , can be divided into two classes: invariably constitutive heterochromatin ( CH ) , and developmentally controlled
Summarize: Summarize: Grid cells in the entorhinal cortex allow for the precise decoding of position in space . Along with potentially playing an important role in navigation , grid cells have recently been hypothesized to make a general contribution to mental operations . A prerequisite for this hypothesis is that grid cell activity does not critically depend on physical movement . Here , we show that movement of covert attention , without any physical movement , also elicits spatial receptive fields with a triangular tiling of space . In monkeys trained to maintain central fixation while covertly attending to a stimulus moving in the periphery we identified a significant population ( 20/141 , 14% neurons at a FDR 5% ) of entorhinal cells with spatially structured receptive fields . This contrasts with recordings obtained in the hippocampus , where grid-like representations were not observed . Our results provide evidence that neurons in macaque entorhinal cortex do not rely on physical movement . Spatial representations , in the form of place cells and grid cells , have been identified in rodents ( Hafting et al . , 2005; O'Keefe and Dostrovsky , 1971 ) , bats ( Yartsev et al . , 2011; Yartsev and Ulanovsky , 2013 ) , macaque monkeys ( Killian et al . , 2012 ) and humans ( Jacobs et al . , 2013; Ekstrom et al . , 2003 ) . The hippocampal formation , however , also
Summarize: Summarize: Progress in science requires standardized assays whose results can be readily shared , compared , and reproduced across laboratories . Reproducibility , however , has been a concern in neuroscience , particularly for measurements of mouse behavior . Here , we show that a standardized task to probe decision-making in mice produces reproducible results across multiple laboratories . We adopted a Task for head-fixed mice that assays perceptual and value-based decision making , and we standardized training protocol and experimental hardware , software , and procedures . We trained 140 mice across seven laboratories in three countries , and we collected 5 million mouse choices into a publicly available database . learning speed was variable across mice and laboratories , but once training was complete there were no significant differences in behavior across laboratories . Mice in different laboratories adopted similar reliance on visual stimuli , on past successes and failures , and on estimates of stimulus prior probability to guide their choices . These results reveal that a complex mouse behavior can be reproduced across multiple laboratories . They establish a standard for reproducible rodent behavior , and provide an unprecedented dataset and open-access tools to study decision-making in mice . More generally , they indicate a path toward achieving reproducibility in neuroscience through collaborative open-science approaches . Progress in science depends on reproducibility and thus requires standardized assays withwhose methods and results can be readily shared , compared , and reproduced across laboratories ( Baker , 2016; Ioannidis , 2005 ) . Such assays are common in fields such as astronomy ( Fish et al . , 2016; Abdalla et al . , 2018 ) , physics ( CERN
Summarize: Summarize: Proper function and repair of the digestive system are vital to most animals . Deciphering the mechanisms involved in these processes requires an atlas of gene expression and cell types . Here , we applied laser-capture microdissection ( LCM ) and RNA-seq to characterize the intestinal transcriptome of Schmidtea mediterranea , a planarian flatworm that can regenerate all organs , including the gut . We identified hundreds of genes with intestinal expression undetected by previous approaches . Systematic analyses revealed extensive conservation of digestive physiology and cell types with other animals , including humans . Furthermore , spatial LCM enabled us to uncover previously unappreciated regionalization of gene expression in the planarian intestine along the medio-lateral axis , especially among intestinal goblet cells . Finally , we identified two intestine-enriched transcription factors that specifically regulate regeneration ( hedgehog signaling effector gli-1 ) or maintenance ( RREB2 ) of goblet cells . Altogether , this work provides resources for further investigation of mechanisms involved in gastrointestinal function , repair and regeneration . Summarize: al . , 2018 ) . Finally , 59 intestine-enriched transcripts were significantly downregulated in phagocytes ( Figure 2E , Figure 1—figure supplement 2 , and Supplementary file 1 ) . As expected , we never observed uniform , phagocyte-like expression patterns for these transcripts ( Figure 2F and Figure 1—figure supplement 2 ) . Rather , transcripts in this group were enriched only in goblet cells ( e . g . epididymal secret
Summarize: Summarize: Adaptations to an organism's environment often involve sensory system modifications . In this study , we address how evolutionary divergence in sensory perception relates to the physiological coding of stimuli . Mormyrid fishes that can detect subtle variations in electric communication signals encode signal waveform into spike-timing differences between sensory receptors . In contrast , the receptors of species insensitive to waveform variation produce spontaneously oscillating potentials . We found that oscillating receptors respond to electric pulses by resetting their phase , resulting in transient synchrony among receptors that encodes signal timing and location , but not waveform . These receptors were most sensitive to frequencies found only in the collective signals of groups of conspecifics , and this was correlated with increased behavioral responses to these frequencies . Thus , different perceptual capabilities correspond to different receptor physiologies . We hypothesize that these divergent mechanisms represent adaptations for different social environments . Our findings provide the first evidence for sensory coding through oscillatory synchrony . Evolutionary change in sensory systems can have profound effects on perception and behavior ( Carlson and Arnegard , 2011; Carlson , 2012; Baldwin et al . , 2014 ) . Recently , we documented a striking example of evolutionary change in the electrosensory systems of weakly electric fish ( Carlson et al . , 2011 ) . Anatomical modifications of Sensor receptors and the associated brain pathway that processes electric communication signals resulted in a newfound ability to detect subtle variations in these signals . This perceptual expansion led to a dramatic increase in the rates of signal evolution and species diversification . However , how these anatomic
Summarize: Summarize: fold . Notably , in some dsRNA viruses , the jellyroll motif has been adopted as a domain in a stabilizer/adaptor protein that forms trimers located at an intermediate layer of viral capsids ( Grimes et al . , 1998; Mathieu et al . , 2001; Liemann et al . , 2002; Zhang et al . , 2010a ) . In BPP-1 , CP subunits form a dimer through -sheet augmentation between the F-strands of two CHEF sheets , forming an 8 stranded -sheet visible on the external surface ( Figure 3C ) . Although the BIDG sheet of the jellyroll motif faces but do not interact with the underneath MCP shell , instead , as described in detail below , CP interacts with the MCP shell mainly through its N- and C-termini as well as a linking loop between its -strands B and C . We traced 327 amino acid residues ( Ser5 to Val331 ) of the total 331 residues of the major capsid protein Bbp17 in the cryoEM density map ( Figure 4; Video 3 ) . Although little sequence identity ( CLUSTALW score = 5 ) was detected between BPP-1 MCP and HK97 gp5 proteins with ClustalW ( Thompson et al . , 1994 ) , the overall architecture of the MCP resembles that of HK97 gp5 ( Wikoff et al . , 2000 ) ( Figure 4—figure supplement 1A )
Summarize: Summarize: Dengue virus ( DENV ) cycles between mosquito and mammalian hosts . To examine how DeNV populations adapt to these different host environments , we used serial passage in human and mosquito cell lines and estimated fitness effects for all single-nucleotide variants in these populations using ultra-deep sequencing . This allowed us to determine the contributions of beneficial and deleterious mutations to the collective fitness of the population . Our analysis revealed that the continuous influx of a large burden of deleterious mutations counterbalances the effect of rare , host-specific beneficial mutations to shape the path of adaptation . Beneficial mutations preferentially map to intrinsically disordered domains in the viral proteome and cluster to defined regions in the genome . These phenotypically redundant adaptive alleles may facilitate host-specific deNV adaptation . Importantly , the evolutionary constraints described in our simple system mirror trends observed across DENV and Zika strains , indicating it recapitulates key biophysical and biological constraints shaping long-term viral evolution . The evolutionary capacity of RNA viruses allows them to rapidly adapt to their environment and overcome barriers to infection ( Alto et al . , 2013; Dolan et al . , 2018; Domingo and Perales , 2014; Sanjuán , 2016 ) . Quantifying the evolutionary dynamics of virus populations in controlled experimental systems can reveal biological constraints on the viral genome , molecular mechanisms of viral adaptation , and fundamental biophysical and population genetic principles governing molecular evolution in general . Arthropod-borne viruses , or arboviruses , such as Dengue ( DENV ) , Zika ( ZIKV ) , and Chi
Summarize: Summarize: To investigate the lateral diffusion properties of KRasG12D under controlled expression levels , we established isogenic U2OS cells stably expressing PAmCherry1-KRasG12D under doxycycline ( DOx ) regulation ( Nan et al . , 2015 ) . The expression level of PAmCherry1-KRasG12D could be tuned from a level below that of the endogenous KRas at 1 ng/mL DOx to highly over-expressed at 5–10 ng/mL DOx ( Figure 1A ) . Initially data were collected from cells expressing KRasG12D at a moderate level by inducing at 2 ng/mL DOx . The photoactivatable fluorescent protein PAmCherry1 has been widely used for quantitative PALM and spt-PALM ( Subach et al . , 2009 ) . Owing to the good single-molecule brightness of activated PAmCherry1 , we were able to track individual PAmCherry1-KRasG12D molecules at frame rates up to 83 Hz ( i . e . , 12 ms/frame ) with a low excitation dose ( 400 W/cm2 at 561 nm ) . The low spontaneous photoactivation rate of PAmCherry1 also permits clean single-molecule imaging even at high expression levels , yielding as many as hundreds of thousands of trajectories per cell via spt-PALM ( Figure 1B and Video 1 ) . Under these conditions ,
Summarize: Summarize: To measure the BMP signaling gradient , we quantified the levels of the B MP signal transducer P-Smad5 across the entire embryo at single cell resolution . Smad5 is directly phosphorylated by the BMP type I receptor in response to BMP signaling , and P-Smad5 concentration has been shown to linearly correlate with the concentration of BMP ligand in the Drosophila wing disc and S2 cells ( Bollenbach et al . , 2008; Serpe et al . , 2008 ) . Fixed embryos were whole-mount immunostained for P-Smad5 and imaged using a Line Scanning Confocal microscope ( Figure 2A–E ) . We developed a mounting and imaging protocol that minimized photo-bleaching , light scattering , and refractive index mismatch ( see Materials and methods ) . We wrote a Matlab algorithm to identify all 8000 + nuclei centerpoints in each embryo in three dimensions , to remove populations unresponsive to P-Smad5 such as yolk syncytial nuclei and dividing cells ( see Materials and methods ) , and to extract the P-Smad5 intensities associated with each nucleus ( Figure 2A’–E’ ) . Embryos were aligned by coherent point drift to a reference embryo to create ensembles of embryos suitable for statistical analysis ( Myronenko et al . , 2010a ) ( see Materials and methods ) . We used a band of cells around the margin of the embryo ( Figure 2F’ ) to plot profiles from the dorsal-most to the vent
Summarize: Summarize: Lysosomes are major sites for intracellular , acidic hydrolase-mediated proteolysis and cellular degradation . The export of low-molecular-weight catabolic end-products is facilitated by polytopic transmembrane proteins mediating secondary active or passive transport . A number of these lysosomal transporters , however , remain enigmatic . We present a detailed analysis of MFSD1 , a hitherto uncharacterized lysosomal family member of the major facilitator superfamily . MFSD1 is not N-glycosylated . It contains a dileucine-based sorting motif needed for its transport to lysosomes . Mfsd1 knockout mice develop splenomegaly and severe liver disease . Proteomics of isolated lysosomes from Mfsd1 knockout mice revealed GLMP as a critical accessory subunit for MFSD1 . MFSD1 and GLMP physically interact . GLMP is essential for the maintenance of normal levels of MFSD1 in lysosomes and vice versa . Glmp knockout mice mimic the phenotype of Mfsd1 knockout mice . Our data reveal a tightly linked MFSD1/GLMP lysosomal membrane protein transporter complex . Lysosomes are dynamic and membrane-bound organelles ubiquitously found in eukaryotic cells . Their major function is the hydrolytic degradation of macromolecules like proteins , complex lipids , nucleic acids and oligosaccharides after uptake from the extracellular space by pino
Summarize: Summarize: Microtubule-based transport by the kinesin motors , powered by ATP hydrolysis , is essential for a wide range of vital processes in eukaryotes . We obtained insight into this process by developing atomic models for no-nucleotide and ATP states of the monomeric kinesin motor domain on microtubules from cryo-EM reconstructions at 5–6 resolution . By comparing these models with existing X-ray structures of ADP-bound kinesin , we infer a mechanistic scheme in which microtubule attachment , mediated by a universally conserved ‘linchpin’ residue in kinesin ( N255 ) , triggers a clamshell opening of the nucleotide cleft and accompanying release of ADP . Binding of ATP re-closes the cleft in a manner that tightly couples to translocation of cargo , via kinesin's ‘neck linker’ element . These structural transitions are reminiscent of the analogous nucleotide-exchange steps in the myosin and F1-ATPase motors and inform how the two heads of a kinesin dimer ‘gate’ each other to promote coordinated stepping along microtubules . Summarize: switch II helix , coinciding with a pair of hydrogen bonds formed between the backbone of E236 and the side chain of N255 ( respectively ) in X-ray structures of kinesin's ATP analog-bound state (Parke et al . , 2010; Chang et al . ,
Summarize: Summarize: Maintaining the essential functions of mitochondria requires mechanisms to recognize and remove misfolded proteins . However , quality control ( QC ) pathways for misfolded mitochondrial proteins remain poorly defined . Here , we establish temperature-sensitive ( ts- ) peripheral mitochondrial outer membrane ( MOM ) proteins as novel model QC substrates in Saccharomyces cerevisiae . The ts- proteins sen2-1HAts and sam35-2HAts are degraded from the MOM by the ubiquitin-proteasome system . Ubiquitination of sen2-1hats is mediated by the ubiquitin ligase ( E3 ) Ubr1 , while sam35-2HAts is ubiquitinated primarily by San1 . Mitochondria-associated degradation ( MAD ) of both substrates requires the SSA family of Hsp70s and the Hsp40 Sis1 , providing the first evidence for chaperone involvement in MAD . In addition to a role for the Cdc48-Npl4-Ufd1 AAA-ATPase complex , Doa1 and a mitochondrial pool of the transmembrane Cdc48 adaptor , Ubx2 , are implicated in their degradation . This study reveals a unique QC pathway comprised of a combination of cytosolic and mitochondrial factors that distinguish it from other cellular QC pathways . Proper protein folding is essential for organelle and cell homeostasis . Proteins may fail to achieve or retain their functional conformations due to genetic or
Summarize: Summarize: Extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) is a key effector of many growth signalling pathways . In this study , we visualise epidermal ERK activity in living mice using an ERK FRET biosensor . Under steady-state conditions , the epidermis occasionally revealed bursts of ERK activation patterns where ERK activity radially propagated from cell to cell . The frequency of this spatial propagation of radial ERK activity distribution ( SPREAD ) correlated with the rate of epidermal cell division . SPREADs and proliferation were stimulated by 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol 13-acetate ( TPA ) in a manner dependent on EGF receptors and their cognate ligands . At the wounded skin , ERK activation propagated as trigger wave in parallel to the wound edge , suggesting that ERK activation propagation can be superimposed . Furthermore , by visualising the cell cycle , we found that SPREADs were associated with G2/M cell cycle progression . Our results provide new insights into how cell proliferation and transient ERK activity are synchronised in a living tissue . Exquisite control of extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) MAPK signalling is required for homeostasis in the epidermis and other tissues ( Pouysségur et al . , 2002; Kholodenko , 2006; Khavari and Rinn , 2007; Roberts and Der , 2007 ) . ERK activation is triggered by the activation of epidermal growth factor receptors
Summarize: Summarize: Circadian rhythms are biological oscillations that schedule daily changes in physiology . Outside the laboratory , circadian clocks do not generally free-run but are driven by daily cues whose timing varies with the seasons . The principles that determine how circadian clocks align to these external cycles are not well understood . Here , we report experimental platforms for driving the cyanobacterial circadian clock both in vivo and in vitro . We find that the phase of the circadian rhythm follows a simple scaling law in light-dark cycles , tracking midday across conditions with variable day length . The core biochemical oscillator comprised of the Kai proteins behaves similarly when driven by metabolic pulses in vitro , indicating that such dynamics are intrinsic to these proteins . We develop a general mathematical framework based on instantaneous transformation of the clock cycle by external cues , which successfully predicts clock behavior under many cycling environments . Thus , an important challenge is to understand how biological clocks respond to the cycling environments found in nature , and how they function to appropriately schedule gene expression and behavior . For most organisms , there is an asymmetry between day and night , in terms of food availability , predation risk , etc . , so that the need to carry out certain activities diurnally or nocturnally presents changing demands as the length of the day varies throughout the year . The situation is especially dramatic for cyanobacteria because there is an extreme metabolic contrast between day and night . We found that S . elongatus contends with these challenges using a clock that tracks the middle of the day . The ability of circadian clocks to keep track of the phase of the
Summarize: Summarize: To examine the consequences of specific inactivation of Meis1 in the mouse peripheral nervous system ( PNS ) , the PLATCRE strain was crossed with the Meis1LoxP/LoxP strain ( Figure 1—figure supplement 1A ) . Immunochemistry and Western blot analysis showed a complete loss of MEis1 in sympathetic neurons from E16 . 5 embryo and adult mutant mice ( Figure 1A ) . When grown in a C57BL/6 genetic background , PLATCRE::Meis1LoxP/LoxP mice carried Meis1 alleles according to a Mendelian ratio but newborn pups died within the first days following birth . When grown in a mixed genetic background , 50% of the mutant mice survived beyond early neonatal stages and exhibited blepharoptosis ( Figure 1A ) , a physiological sign of sympathetic neurons dysfunction . However , most mutants died prematurely and unpredictably before reaching adult stages ( Figure 1—figure supplement 1B ) . The premature death of PLATCRE::Meis1LoxP/LoxP mice together with their drooping eyelids phenotype led us to hypothesize impairments of sympathetic functions and consequent SCD . Accordingly , we found that newborn and adult mutants exhibited a dramatic reduction in cardiac sympathetic innervation by TH+ fibers ( Figure 1A and Figure 1—figure supplement 1F and G ) . WT and PLATCRE::Meis1LoxP/LoxP adult mice were telemetrically monitored for ECG recordings and processed with Heart rate variability ( HRV
Summarize: Summarize: Surface-attached bacterial communities called biofilms display a diversity of morphologies . Although structural and regulatory components required for biofilm formation are known , it is not understood how these essential constituents promote biofilm surface morphology . Here , using Vibrio cholerae as our model system , we combine mechanical measurements , theory and simulation , quantitative image analyses , surface energy characterizations , and mutagenesis to show that mechanical instabilities , including wrinkling and delamination , underlie the morphogenesis program of growing biofilms . We also identify interfacial energy as a key driving force for mechanomorphogenesis because it dictates the generation of new and the annihilation of existing interfaces . Finally , we discover feedback between mechanomorphogenesis and biofilm expansion , which shapes the overall biofilm contour . The morphogenesis principles that we discover in bacterial biofilms , which rely on mechanical instabilities and interfacial energies , should be generally applicable to morphogenesis processes in tissues in higher organisms . Many of the stunning morphologies that distinguish living entities do not arise exclusively from gene expression programs , but rather from overarching contributions from Mechanical forces ( Heisenberg and Bellache , 2013; Thompson , 1992; Yamada and Cukierman , 2007 ) . Such morphomechanical processes include the formation of ripple-shaped leaves ( Liang and Mahadevan , 2009 ) , tendrils and flowers ( Gerbode et al . , 2012; Liang and Mahadevan , 2011 ) , as well as the dorsal
Summarize: Summarize: The mechanisms generating epileptic neuronal networks following insults such as severe seizures are unknown . We have previously shown that interfering with the function of the neuron-restrictive silencer factor ( NRSF/REST ) , an important transcription factor that influences neuronal phenotype , attenuated development of this disorder . In this study , we found that epilepsy-provoking seizures increased the low NRSF levels in mature hippocampus several fold yet surprisingly , provoked repression of only a subset ( 10% ) of potential NRSF target genes . Accordingly , the repressed gene-set was rescued when NRSF binding to chromatin was blocked . Unexpectedly , genes selectively repressed by NRSF had mid-range binding frequencies to the repressor , a property that rendered them sensitive to moderate fluctuations of NRSF levels . Genes selectively regulated by NRSF during epileptogenesis coded for ion channels , receptors , and other crucial contributors to neuronal function . Thus , dynamic , selective regulation of NRSF target genes may play a role in influencing neuronal properties in pathological and physiological contexts . Epileptic networks arise via numerous mechanisms ( Pitkänen et al . , 2011; Vezzani et al . , 2011; Kim et al . , 2012; Hildebrand et al . , 2013; Rowley and Patel , 2013 ) . Changes in neuronal properties and resulting alterations of network behavior constitute one of the important mechanisms of epileptogenesis ( Ya
Summarize: Summarize: Splitting sensory information into parallel pathways is a common strategy in sensory systems . Yet , how circuits in these parallel pathways are composed to maintain or even enhance the encoding of specific stimulus features is poorly understood . Here , we have investigated the parallel pathways formed by mitral and tufted cells of the olfactory system in mice and characterized the emergence of feature selectivity in these cell types via distinct lateral inhibitory circuits . We find differences in activity-dependent lateral inhibition between mitral and tufted cells that likely reflect newly described differences in the activation of deep and superficial granule cells . Simulations show that these circuit-level differences allow mitral and tufted cells to best discriminate odors in separate concentration ranges , indicating that segregating information about different ranges of stimulus intensity may be an important function of these parallel sensory pathways . Brain sensory systems use parallel pathways to encode different components of sensory information . Motion and color are segregated in the visual system ( Merigan and Maunsell , 1993; Callaway , 2005 ) , sound location and tonal pattern are processed in parallel pathways in the auditory system ( Lomber and Malhotra , 2008 ) , and pain and itch are conveyed by distinct pathways in the somatosensory system ( Davidson and Giesler , 2010; Ross , 2011 ) . How local circuits support feature selectivity in these parallel streams remains poorly understood . This issue is of particular interest when considering brain areas in which distinct outputs are generated from initially homogeneous sources , such as in the olfactory system . In the mammalian olfactory bulb , firing of olfactory sensory neurons
Summarize: Summarize: The M2 muscarinic receptor is the prototypic model of allostery in GPCRs , yet the molecular and the supramolecular determinants of such effects are unknown . Monomers and oligomers of the M2 muscarinic receptor therefore have been compared to identify those allosteric properties that are gained in oligomers . Allosteric interactions were monitored by means of a FRET-based sensor of conformation at the allosteric site and in pharmacological assays involving mutants engineered to preclude intramolecular effects . Electrostatic , steric , and conformational determinants of allostery at the atomic level were examined in molecular dynamics simulations . Allosteric effects in monomers were exclusively negative and derived primarily from intramolecular electrostatic repulsion between the allosteric and orthosteric ligands . Allosteric effects in oligomers could be positive or negative , depending upon the allosteric-orthosteric pair , and they arose from interactions within and between the constituent protomers . The complex behavior of oligomers is characteristic of muscarinic receptors in myocardial preparations . Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors contain an orthosteric site and a topographically distinct allosteric site ( Kruse et al . , 2014; MAY et al . , 2007 ) . The latter is located at the extracellular surface within a vestibule to the orthosteric site ( Kruse et al . , 2013 ) 
Summarize: Summarize: Histone modifications establish the chromatin states that coordinate the DNA damage response . In this study , we show that SETD2 , the enzyme that trimethylates histone H3 lysine 36 ( H3K36me3 ) , is required for ATM activation upon DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) . Moreover , we find that SETD2 is necessary for homologous recombination repair of DSBs by promoting the formation of RAD51 presynaptic filaments . In agreement , SETD2-mutant clear cell renal cell carcinoma ( ccRCC ) cells displayed impaired DNA damage signaling . However , despite the persistence of DNA lesions , SETD2-deficient cells failed to activate p53 , a master guardian of the genome rarely mutated in ccRCC and showed decreased cell survival after DNA damage . We propose that this novel SETD2-dependent role provides a chromatin bookmarking instrument that facilitates signaling and repair of DSBs . In ccRCC , loss of SETD2 may afford an alternative mechanism for the inactivation of the p53-mediated checkpoint without the need for additional genetic mutations in TP53 . DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) are the most catastrophic form of DNA damage and pose great threat to genome stability . The major sensor of DSBs is ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) kinase , which is critical for the initial steps of the DNA damage response ( DDR ) . In response to DSBs , ATM phosphorylates and regulates the
Summarize: Summarize: Missense variants are a major source of human genetic variation . Here we analyze a new mouse missense variant , Rasgrp1Anaef , with an ENU-mutated EF hand in the Rasgrp1 Ras guanine nucleotide exchange factor . Rasgrp1Anaef mice exhibit anti-nuclear autoantibodies and gradually accumulate a CD44hi Helios+ PD-1+ CD4+ T cell population that is dependent on B cells . Despite reduced Rasgrp1-Ras-ERK activation in vitro , thymocyte selection in Rasgrp1Anaef is mostly normal in vivo , although CD44 is overexpressed on nave thymocytes and T cells in a T-cell-autonomous manner . We identify CD44 expression as a sensitive reporter of tonic mTOR-S6 kinase signaling through a novel mouse strain , chino , a reduction-of-function mutation in Mtor . Elevated tonic mTOR-S6 signaling occurs in Rasgrp1Anaef nave CD4+ T cells . CD44 expression , CD4+ T cell subset ratios and serum autoantibodies all returned to normal in Rasgrp1AnaefMtorchino double-mutant mice , demonstrating that increased mTOR activity is essential for the Rasgrp1Anaef T cell dysregulation . Positive and negative selection of thymocytes generates a population of T lymphocytes with a broad
Summarize: Summarize: Mutations in members of the SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling family are common events in cancer , but the mechanisms whereby disruption of SWI/SNF components alters tumorigenesis remain poorly understood . To model the effect of loss of function mutations in the SWI/SNF subunit Arid1a in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ( PDAC ) initiation , we directed shRNA triggered , inducible and reversible suppression of Arid1a to the mouse pancreas in the setting of oncogenic KrasG12D . Arid1a cooperates with Kras in the adult pancreas as postnatal silencing of Arid1a following sustained KrasG12D expression induces rapid and irreversible reprogramming of acinar cells into mucinous PDAC precursor lesions . In contrast , Arid1a silencing during embryogenesis , concurrent with KrasG12D activation , leads to retention of acinar cell fate . Together , our results demonstrate Arid1a as a critical modulator of Kras-dependent changes in acinar cell identity , and underscore an unanticipated influence of timing and genetic context on the effects of SWI/SNF complex alterations in epithelial tumorigenesis . Aberrant chromatin regulation is a hallmark of cancer ( Flavahan et al . , 2017 ) . Numerous studies have revealed an abnormal chromatin state in tumor cells in comparison with their tissue of origin , and mutations in genes encoding chromatin readers , writers and remodelers have been detected across the spectrum of human cancers ( Feinberg
Summarize: Summarize: Many species use social networks to buffer the effects of stress . The mere absence of a social network , however , may also be stressful . We examined neuroendocrine , PVN CRH neurons and report that social isolation alters the intrinsic properties of these cells in sexually dimorphic fashion . Specifically , isolating preadolescent female mice from littermates for 24 hr increased first spike latency ( FSL ) and decreased excitability of CRH neurons . These changes were not evident in age-matched males . By contrast , subjecting either males ( isolated or grouped ) or group housed females to acute physical stress ( swim ) , increased FSL . The increase in FSL following either social isolation or acute physical stress was blocked by the glucocorticoid synthesis inhibitor , metyrapone and mimicked by exogenous corticosterone . The increase in FSL results in a decrease in the excitability of CRH neurons . Our observations demonstrate that social isolation , but not acute physical stress has sex-specific effects on PVN CRH neurons . Survival threats trigger a repertoire of behavioral and endocrine adjustments ( Cannon , 1932 ) . The endocrine changes rely on the immediate engagement of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal ( HPA ) axis which is controlled by corticotropin releasing hormone ( CRH ) neurons in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus ( PVN ) . Although it is essential for survival , the dysregulation of the stress response is implicated in the emergence of numerous neuropsychiatric diseases ( To
Summarize: Summarize: Hemoglobin ( Hb ) represents a model protein to study molecular adaptation in vertebrates . Although both affinity and cooperativity of oxygen binding to Hb affect tissue oxygen delivery , only the former was thought to determine molecular adaptations of Hb . Here , we suggest that Hb affinity and cooperativity reflect evolutionary and physiological adaptions that optimized tissue oxygen delivery . To test this hypothesis , we derived the relationship between the hill coefficient and the relative affinity and conformational changes parameters of the Monod-Wymann-Changeux allosteric model and graphed the ‘biophysical hill landscape’ describing this relation . We found that mammalian Hb cooperativity values all reside on a ridge of maximum cooperativity along this landscape that allows for both gross- and fine-tuning of tissue oxygen unloading to meet the distinct metabolic requirements of mammalian tissues for oxygen . Our findings reveal the mechanism underlying body size-related adaptation of mammalian Hb . The generality and implications of our findings are discussed . Two major obstacles hamper understanding the evolutionary origins of properties seen in modern-day proteins . One stems from the fact that mutation and selection are separated by several levels of biological organization such that it is difficult to elucidate the complex relationships between protein sequence and organismal/population fitness . second , even in those cases where the molecular properties of a protein ( e . g . affinity or cooperativity ) have adaptive value with respect to organismal fitness , we often lack an understanding of the molecular mechanism underlying changes in the values of these properties . Given these challenges , we currently understand the mechanisms underlying adaptive behavior for only 
Summarize: Summarize: Malaria infection starts with injection of Plasmodium sporozoites by an Anopheles mosquito into the skin of the mammalian host . How sporozoites locate and enter a blood vessel is a critical , but poorly understood process . In this study , we examine sporozoite motility and their interaction with dermal blood vessels , using intravital microscopy in mice . Our data suggest that sporozoites exhibit two types of motility: in regions far from blood vessels , they exhibit ‘avascular motility’ , defined by high speed and less confinement , while in the vicinity of blood vessels their motility is more constrained . We find that curvature of sporozoite tracks engaging with vasculature optimizes contact with dermal capillaries . Imaging of sporozoites with mutations in key adhesive proteins highlight the importance of the sporozoite's gliding speed and its ability to modulate adhesive properties for successful exit from the inoculation site . Through the bite of an infected mosquito , the mammalian host is infected with Plasmodium sporozoites , which migrate through the skin to invade blood vessels . Sporozoites are then carried by the blood flow to the liver , where they initiate a liver- and subsequently a blood-stage infection ( Sinnis and Zavala , 2012 ) . Sporozoite motility , a substrate-dependent gliding motility , is essential for the exit from the dermis , and as a result for sporozoite infectivity ( Vanderberg and Frevert , 2004; Amino et al
Summarize: Summarize: Cells are organized by functional modules , which typically contain components whose removal severely compromises the module's function . Despite their importance , these components are not absolutely conserved between parts of the tree of life , suggesting that cells can evolve to perform the same biological functions with different proteins . We evolved Saccharomyces cerevisiae for 1000 generations without the important polarity gene BEM1 . Initially the bem1 lineages rapidly increase in fitness and then slowly reach >90% of the fitness of their BEM1 ancestors at the end of the evolution . Sequencing their genomes and monitoring polarization reveals a common evolutionary trajectory , with a fixed sequence of adaptive mutations , each improving cell polarization by inactivating proteins . Our results show that organisms can be evolutionarily robust to physiologically destructive perturbations and suggest that recovery by gene inactivation can lead to rapid divergence in the parts list for cell biologically important functions . Advances in cell biology , genetics , and systems biology have led to substantial understanding of how cells perform complex tasks precisely . In cell polarization and movement , a biochemical and biophysical picture is emerging of how those complex functional modules self-organize to accomplish their functions ( Howard et al . , 2011; Goehring and Grill , 2013 ) . Surprisingly , components that are essential for a module in well-studied model organisms can be absent in evolutionarily distant organisms ( Bergmiller et al . , 2012 ) , even though the modules must perform the same tasks . This observation suggests that complex modules reorganize during evolution , either to accommodate changing requirements or to respond
Summarize: Summarize: On each block , participants ( n = 20 , performing the task in the fMRI scanner ) viewed spirals of variable length associated with four options ( bandits , indexed i ) . On each trial , each spiral of length si was drawn from a Gaussian distribution with mean vi that remained unchanged for that bandit during a block of 12 trials ( see Figure 1A and ‘Materials and methods’ ) . On each trial of a given block , a virtual pool of assets contained the preferred bandits thus far . The contents of the asset pool were converted to monetary reward , as we describe below . Each bandit yielded a monetary payoff ( i ) determined by the rank of its mean vi relative to the mean of all four bandits in the block ( longer spirals were associated with greater payoff ) . After viewing the spiral participants chose whether to commit to that Bandit , or to defer . Critically , commitment engendered a sustained alteration in the per-trial economic yield , in a manner that varied according to rule type ( ‘rule-in’ vs ‘rule-out’ ) . On rule-in blocks , participants began the block with an empty pool of assets and the per-trial momentary yield was determined by the average payoff of all bandits committed to ( accepted ) thus far ( Figure 1A: upper panel and ‘Materials and methods’ ) . On rule-out blocks , participants' Asset pool initially included all four alternatives and the per-trial yield was the average of the payoff of all bandits not yet committed to ( not yet rejected , Figure 1A: lower
Summarize: Summarize: Paraspeckles are nuclear bodies form around the long non-coding RNA , Neat1 , and RNA-binding proteins . While their role is not fully understood , they are believed to control gene expression at a post-transcriptional level by means of the nuclear retention of mRNA containing in their 3’-UTR inverted repeats of Alu sequences ( IRAlu ) . In this study , we found that , in pituitary cells , all components of paraspeckles including four major proteins and Neat1 displayed a circadian expression pattern . Furthermore the insertion of IRAlu at the 3’-UTR of the EGFP cDNA led to a rhythmic circadian nuclear retention of the egfp mRNA that was lost when paraspeckles were disrupted whereas insertion of a single antisense Alu had only a weak effect . Using real-time video-microscopy , these IRAlu were further shown to drive a circadian expression of EGFP protein . This study shows that paraspeckles , thanks to their circadian expression , control circadian gene expression at a post-transcriptional level . The circadian clock orchestrates daily rhythms in metabolism , physiology and behavior that allow organisms to anticipate regular changes in their environment , increasing their adaptation ( Asher and SchIBLEr , 2011 ) . Circadian rhythms are underpinned by daily rhythms of gene expression . The transcriptional component of these rhythms is well understood ( Zhang and Kay , 2010 ) . The circadian variation in abundance of the positive ( Clock and Bmal1 ) and the
Summarize: Summarize: Presynaptic calcium channel function is critical for converting electrical information into chemical communication but the molecules in the active zone that sculpt this function are poorly understood . We show that Munc13 , an active-zone protein essential for exocytosis , also controls presynaptic voltage-gated calcium channel ( VGCC ) function dictating their behavior during various forms of activity . We demonstrate that in vitro Munc13 interacts with voltage-VGCCs via a pair of basic residues in Munc13's C2B domain . We show that elimination of this interaction by either removal of Munc13 or replacement of Munc13 with a Munc13 C2B mutant alters synaptic VGCC's response to and recovery from high-frequency action potential bursts and alters calcium influx from single action potential stimuli . These studies illustrate a novel form of synaptic modulation and show that Munc13 is poised to profoundly impact information transfer at nerve terminals by controlling both vesicle priming and the trigger for exocytosis . The active-zone protein , Munc13 , plays a central and essential role in all known forms of chemical synaptic transmission ( Augustin et al . , 1999; Varoqueaux et al . , 2002 ) . Munc13 is critical for correct assembly of exocytic proteins in preparation for neurotransmitter release that it executes at least in part through interactions with plasma membrane SNARE protein , syntaxin ( Ma et al . , 2012 ) . This large multi-domain protein additionally binds several other key active-zone proteins , including RIM
Summarize: Summarize: Using the Finite Element Method ( FEM ) , we performed simulations on single cells with idealized shapes to explore the effect of cell shape on turgor-induced mechanical stresses ( the trace of the Cauchy stress tensor ) in the cell wall ( Bassel et al . , 2014 ) . To assess basic relations between cell shape and stress we used uniform , isotropic elastic properties for cell walls , which were assumed to have cell wall thickness of 1 m , and pressurized the cells to 5 bar ( note that this neglects inhomogeneities in the cell wall , as for example observed by Majda et al . , 2017 ) . Starting with a small cube-shaped cell ( 10 10 10 m ) we increased the initial cell size in different dimensions to observe the effect on stress following pressurization . We observed that an increase of cell length in one direction ( 50 10 10 m ) does not significantly increase maximal stress in the cell wall ( Figure 1B ) . This suggests that anisotropic growth that results in long thin cells is a mechanically advantageous strategy to limit stress magnitude , limiting the wall thickness required to maintain the cell's integrity . Next , we simulated a cell expanded in two directions ( 50 50 10 m ) and observed that the maximal stress was much higher . Enlarging the cell in two directions created a large open surface area , causing the cell wall to bulge out in response to turgor pressure , greatly increasing the stress . When the third dimension is enlarged to form a cube ( 50 50 50 m ) , only a small increase in maximal stress is observed 
Summarize: Summarize: Most human genes contain multiple introns , necessitating mechanisms to effectively define exons and ensure their proper connection by spliceosomes . Human spliceosome assembly involves both cross-intron and cross-exon interactions , but how these work together is unclear . We examined in human nuclear extracts dynamic interactions of single pre-mRNA molecules with individual fluorescently tagged spliceosomal subcomplexes to investigate how cross-intron and cross-exon processes jointly promote pre-spliceosome assembly . U1 subcomplex bound to the 5' splice site of an intron acts jointly with U1 bound to the 5' splice site of the next intron to dramatically increase the rate and efficiency by which U2 subcomplex is recruited to the branch site/3' splice site of the upstream intron . The flanking 5' splice sites have greater than additive effects implying distinct mechanisms facilitating U2 recruitment . This synergy of 5' splice sites across introns and exons is likely important in promoting correct and efficient splicing of multi-intron pre-mRNAs . Spliceosomes consist of the U1 , U2 , and U4/U6 . U5 small nuclear ribonucleoproteins ( snRNPs ) and multiprotein Prp19-complex as major building blocks , plus many transiently interacting splicing factors ( Wahl et al . , 2009 ) . This machinery recognizes and assembles stepwise at splice sites ( SS ) ( U1 at
Summarize: Summarize: Many membrane proteins fold inefficiently and require the help of enzymes and chaperones . Here we reveal a novel folding assistance system that operates on membrane proteins from the cytosolic side of the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) . We show that folding of the Wnt signaling coreceptor LRP6 is promoted by ubiquitination of a specific lysine , retaining it in the ER while avoiding degradation . Subsequent ER exit requires removal of ubiquitin from this lysine by the deubiquitinating enzyme USP19 . This ubiquitination-deubiquitination is conceptually reminiscent of the glucosylation-deglucosylation occurring in the ER lumen during the calnexin/calreticulin folding cycle . To avoid infinite futile cycles , folded LRP6 molecules undergo palmitoylation and ER export , while unsuccessfully folded proteins are , time , polyubiquitinated on other lysines and targeted to degradation . This ubiquitin-dependent folding system also controls the proteostasis of other membrane proteins as CFTR and anthrax toxin receptor 2 , two poor folders involved in severe human diseases . While protein folding may be extremely efficient , the presence of multiple domains , in soluble or membrane proteins , greatly reduces the efficacy of the overall process . Thus , a set of enzymes and chaperones assist folding and ensure that a sufficient number of active molecules reach their final destination ( Brodsky and Skach , 2011; Ellgaard et al . , 2016 ) . Even
Summarize: Summarize: Sex-based modulation of cognitive processes could set the stage for individual differences in vulnerability to neuropsychiatric disorders . While value-based decision making processes in particular have been proposed to be influenced by sex differences , the overall correct performance in decision making tasks often show variable or minimal differences across sexes . Computational tools allow us to uncover latent variables that define different decision making approaches , even in animals with similar correct performance . Here , we quantify sex differences in mice in the latent variables underlying behavior in a classic value-based decision making task: a restless two-armed bandit . While male and female mice had similar accuracy , they achieved this performance via different patterns of exploration . Male mice tended to make more exploratory choices overall , largely because they appeared to get ‘stuck’ in exploration once they had started . Female mice tended to explore less but learned more quickly during exploration . Together , these results suggest that sex exerts stronger influences on decision making during periods of learning and exploration than during stable choices . Exploration during decision making is altered in people diagnosed with addictions , depression , and Neurodevelopmental disabilities , pinpointing the neural mechanisms of exploration as a highly translational avenue for conferring sex-modulated vulnerability to neuropsychiatric diagnoses . Almost every neuropsychiatric condition shows sex and/or gender biases in risk , presentation , etiology , and prognosis ( Green et al . , 2019; Grissom and Reyes , 2019; Shansky , 2019 ) . This raises the possibility that sex-modulated biological mechanisms could modulate cognitive processes that
Summarize: Summarize: In endoplasmic reticulum-associated protein degradation ( ERAD ) , membrane proteins are ubiquitinated , extracted from the membrane , and degraded by the proteasome . The cytosolic ATPase Cdc48 drives extraction by pulling on polyubiquitinated substrates . HOW hydrophobic transmembrane ( TM ) segments are moved from the phospholipid bilayer into cytosol , often together with hydrophilic and folded ER luminal protein parts , is not known . Using a reconstituted system with purified proteins from Saccharomyces cerevisiae , we show that the ubiquitin ligase Doa10 ( Teb-4/MARCH6 in animals ) is a retrotranslocase that facilitates membrane protein extraction . A substrate’s TM segment interacts with the membrane-embedded domain of DOa10 and then passively moves into the aqueous phase . Luminal substrate segments cross the membrane in an unfolded state . Their unfolding occurs on the luminal side of the membrane by cytoplasmic Cdc48 action . Our results reveal how a membrane-bound retrotranslocase cooperates with the Cdc48 ATPase in membrane protein extraction . The endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) is a major site for protein folding and maturation in the endomembrane system of the eukaryotic cell . A conserved quality control pathway called ER-associated protein degradation ( ERAD ) removes misfolded , unassembled and mistargeted proteins from the ER into the 
Summarize: Summarize: Extracellular Hedgehog ( Hh ) proteins induce transcriptional changes in target cells by inhibiting the proteolytic processing of full-length Drosophila Ci or mammalian Gli proteins to nuclear transcriptional repressors and by activating the full-length Ci or Gli proteins . We used Ci variants expressed at physiological levels to investigate the contributions of these mechanisms to dose-dependent Hh signaling in Drosophila wing imaginal discs . Ci variants that cannot be processed supported a normal pattern of graded target gene activation and the development of adults with normal wing morphology , when supplemented by constitutive Ci repressor , showing that Hh can signal normally in the absence of regulated processing . The Processing-resistant Ci variants were also significantly activated in the absence of Hh by elimination of Cos2 , likely acting through binding the CORD domain of Ci , or PKA , revealing separate inhibitory roles of these two components in addition to their well-established roles in promoting Ci processing . This article reviews the current literature on How To analyze These two components in addition to their well-established roles in promoting Ci processing . The limitation of the processing-resistant Ci variants was also significantly activated in the absence of Hh by elimination of Cos2 , likely acting through binding the CORD domain of Ci , or PKA , revealing separate inhibitory roles of these two components in addition to their well-established roles in promoting Ci processing . This article reviews the current literature on How To analyze These two components in addition to their well-established roles in promoting Ci processing . The limitation of the processing-resistant Ci variants was also significantly activated in the absence of Hh by elimination
Summarize: Summarize: Nociceptive information is relayed through the spinal cord dorsal horn , a critical area in sensory processing . The neuronal circuits in this region that underpin sensory perception must be clarified to better understand how dysfunction can lead to pathological pain . This study used an optogenetic approach to selectively activate spinal interneurons that express the calcium-binding protein calretinin ( CR ) . We show that these interneurons form an interconnected network that can initiate and sustain enhanced excitatory signaling , and directly relay signals to lamina I projection neurons . Photoactivation of CR interneurons in vivo resulted in a significant nocifensive behavior that was morphine sensitive , caused a conditioned place aversion , and was enhanced by spared nerve injury . Furthermore , halorhodopsin-mediated inhibition of these interneurons elevated sensory thresholds . Our results suggest that dorsal horn circuits that involve excitatory CR neurons are important for the generation and amplification of pain and identify these interneurons as a future analgesic target . Sensory information from the body , including nociception , itch , light touch , and thermal modalities , is first transmitted into the spinal cord dorsal horn , where this afferent input can be modulated , gated and prioritized before being relayed to higher centers for sensory perception ( Todd , 2010; Peirs and Seal , 2016 ) . It is well established that alterations to neuronal circuits within the dorsal horn can directly contribute to neuropathic and inflammatory pain
Summarize: Summarize: Mutations in the gene encoding Ras-associated binding protein 23 ( RAB23 ) cause Carpenter syndrome , which is characterized by multiple developmental abnormalities including polysyndactyly and defects in skull morphogenesis . To understand how RAB23 regulates skull development , we generated Rab23-deficient mice that survive to an age where skeletal development can be studied . Along with polysyndactyly , these mice exhibit premature fusion of multiple sutures resultant from aberrant osteoprogenitor proliferation and elevated osteogenesis in the suture . FGF10-driven FGFR1 signaling is elevated in Rab23-/-sutures with a consequent imbalance in MAPK , Hedgehog signaling and RUNX2 expression . Inhibition of elevated pERK1/2 signaling results in the normalization of osteoprogenitor proliferation with a concomitant reduction of osteogenic gene expression , and prevention of craniosynostosis . Our results suggest a novel role for RAB23 as an upstream negative regulator of both FGFR and canonical Hh-GLI1 signaling , and additionally in the non-canonical regulation of GLI1 through pERK1/2 . Ras-associated binding protein 23 ( RAB23 ) belongs to the RAB family of small GTPases , which function during several steps in cell vesicle trafficking ( Evans et al . , 2003 ) . RAB23 has 35–40% sequence homology with other RABs , it localizes to the plasma membrane and is proposed to regulate cargo internalization and relocation in the cell ( Evans et al . ,
Summarize: Summarize: Inheritance of gene expression states is fundamental for cells to ‘remember’ past events , such as environmental or developmental cues . The conserved Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 ( PRC2 ) maintains epigenetic repression of many genes in animals and plants and modifies chromatin at its targets . Histones modified by PRC2 can be inherited through cell division . However , it remains unclear whether this inheritance can direct long-term memory of individual gene expression states ( cis memory ) or instead if local chromatin states are dictated by the concentrations of diffusible factors ( trans memory ) . By monitoring the expression of two copies of the Arabidopsis Polycomb target gene FLOWERending LOCUS C ( FLC ) in the same plants , we show that one copy can be repressed while the other is active . Furthermore , this ‘mixed’ expression state is inherited through many cell divisions as plants develop . These data demonstrate that epigenetic memory of FLC expression is stored not in trans but in cis . Epigenetic memory can be stored in the concentrations of diffusible regulatory factors that are maintained through feedback loops ( trans memory ) ( Novick and Weiner , 1957; Ptashne , 2004; Zacharioudakis et al . , 2007 ; Xu et al . , 2009 ) . Alternatively , memory could be stored locally in the chromatin environment of individual genes ( cis memory ) , in the form of DNA methylation or post-translational modifications of histones ( Moazed , 2011 ) . While in both
Summarize: Summarize: DnaK/Hsp70 chaperones form oligomers of poorly understood structure and functional significance . Site-specific proteolysis and crosslinking were used to probe the architecture of oligomers formed by the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) Hsp70 , BiP . These were found to consist of adjacent protomers engaging the interdomain linker of one molecule in the substrate binding site of another , attenuating the chaperone function of oligomeric BiP . Native gel electrophoresis revealed a rapidly-modulated reciprocal relationship between the burden of unfolded proteins and BiP oligomers and slower equilibration between oligomers and inactive , covalently-modified BiP . Lumenal ER calcium depletion caused rapid oligomerization of mammalian BiP and a coincidental diminution in substrate binding , pointing to the relative inertness of the oligomers . Thus , equilibration between inactive oligomers and active monomeric BiP is poised to buffer fluctuations in ER unfolded protein load on a rapid timescale attainable neither by Inter-conversion of active and covalently-modified BiP nor by the conventional unfolded protein response . In eukaryotes , the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) processes the vast majority of newly synthesized proteins destined for secretion and membrane insertion . The maturation of ER client proteins entails the chaperone assisted folding of nascent chains and assembly of functional complexes . Protein folding homeostas
Summarize: Summarize: Flexible filamentous viruses include economically important plant pathogens . Their viral particles contain several hundred copies of a helically arrayed coat protein ( CP ) protecting a ( + ) ssRNA . We describe here a structure at 3 . 9 resolution , from electron cryomicroscopy , of Pepino mosaic virus ( PepMV ) , a representative of the genus Potexvirus ( family Alphaflexiviridae ) . Our results allow modeling of the CP and its interactions with viral RNA . The overall fold of PepMV CP resembles that of nucleoproteins ( NPs ) from the genus Phlebovirus ( family Bunyaviridae ) , a group of enveloped ( - ) ssRNA viruses . The main difference between potexvirus CP and phlebovirus NP is in their C-terminal extensions , which appear to determine the characteristics of the distinct multimeric assemblies – a flexuous , helical rod or a loose ribonucleoprotein . The homology suggests gene transfer between eukaryotic ( + ) and ( - ) ssRNA viruses . Flexible filamentous viruses are ubiquitous plant pathogens that have an enormous impact in agriculture ( Revers and Garcia , 2015 ) . Their infective particles are non-enveloped and flexible rod-shaped virions ( Kendall et al . , 2008 ) and contain several hundreds of copies of a coat protein ( CP ) arranged in a helical fashion protecting a ssRNA of positive polarity 
Summarize: Summarize: Antibody binding to cell surface proteins plays a crucial role in immunity , and the location of an epitope can altogether determine the immunological outcome of a host-target interaction . Techniques available today for epitope identification are costly , time-consuming , and unsuited for high-throughput analysis . Fast and efficient screening of epitope location can be useful for the development of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies and vaccines . Cellular morphology typically varies , and antibodies often bind heterogeneously across a cell surface , making traditional particle-averaging strategies challenging for accurate native antibody localization . In the present work , we have developed a method , SiteLoc , for imaging-based molecular localization on cellular surface proteins . Nanometer-scale resolution is achieved through localization in one dimension , namely , the distance from a bound ligand to a reference surface . This is done by using topological image averaging . Our results show that this method is well suited for antibody binding site measurements on native cell surface morphology and that it can be applied to other molecular distance estimations as well . The location of protein binding sites on cellular surfaces can have wide-ranging implications for various cellular processes , such as immune signalling , cell adhesion , cell migration , and phagocytosis . Antibody binding to pathogen surface proteins plays a crucial role in immunity ( Lu et al . , 2018 ) , and epitope localization affects diverse immunological outcomes , such as antibody neutralizing ability ( Law et al . , 2008; Kwong et al . , 2013; Salina
Summarize: Summarize: Systemic vascular pressure in vertebrates is regulated by a range of factors: one key element of control is peripheral resistance in tissue capillary beds . Many aspects of the relationship between central control of vascular flow and peripheral resistance are unclear . An important example of this is the relationship between hypoxic response in individual tissues , and the effect that response has on systemic cardiovascular adaptation to oxygen deprivation . We show here how hypoxic response via the HIF transcription factors in one large vascular bed , that underlying the skin , influences cardiovascular response to hypoxia in mice . We show that the response of the skin to hypoxia feeds back on a wide range of cardiovascular parameters , including heart rate , arterial pressures , and body temperature . These data represent the first demonstration of a dynamic role for oxygen sensing in a peripheral tissue directly modifying cardiovascular response to the challenge of hypoxia . Vertebrates confront the world chiefly through the skin . As a reflection of how different vertebrates adapt to the environment , skin structure varies to a significant degree from one vertebrate class to another , and even within classes . One of the key differences in skin function found amongst vertebrates is the degree to which it responds to environmental variations; in particular , the extent to which these changes in turn affect systemic organismal physiology . Mammalian skin is amongst the most complex of all the vertebrate forms of skin . It also varies significantly in its form in the different orders of mammalia , variations chiefly following adaptations to the external environment . A key physiological challenge faced by most multicellular organisms is variation in oxygen supply . This is a common challenge to animals that obtain
Summarize: Summarize: We describe refinements in optogenetic methods for circuit mapping that enable measurements of functional synaptic connectivity with single-neuron resolution . By expanding a two-photon beam in the imaging plane using the temporal focusing method and restricting channelrhodopsin to the soma and proximal dendrites , we are able to reliably evoke action potentials in individual neurons , verify spike generation with GCaMP6s , and determine the presence or absence of synaptic connections with patch-clamp electrophysiological recording . The synaptic organization of individual neurons into circuits is the physiological basis for the interpretation of sensory input and production of behavioral responses . Understanding the precise patterns of connectivity among the distinct types of neurons that comprise neural circuits is critical for elucidating circuit function and ultimately requires methods that can map functional connectivity with single-cell resolution . Optical activation of single neurons using two-photon excitation of caged neurotransmitters or optogenetic probes such as channelrhodopsin ( ChR2 ) provides a powerful approach for assessing the synaptic connections of single neurons . In particular , optogenetic mapping utilizing ChR2 and the rapidly expanding family of opsin variants have increased the flexibility and precision of mapping paradigms . Variations in the single-channel properties of the opsins can be exploited to generate rapid action potential trains or sustained depolarizations ( Mattis et al . , 2012 ) , and new red-shifted variants have facilitated excitation deeper in tissue and have enabled simultaneous optical control of two distinct neuronal populations ( Klapoetke et al . , 2014; Lin
Summarize: Summarize: The mode of interaction of transcription factors ( TFs ) on eukaryotic genomes remains a matter of debate . Single-molecule data in living cells for the TFs Sox2 and Oct4 were previously interpreted as evidence of ordered assembly on DNA . However , the quantity that was calculated does not determine binding order but , rather , energy expenditure away from thermodynamic equilibrium . Here , we undertake a rigorous biophysical analysis which leads to the concept of reciprocity . The single-molecule data imply that Sox2 and Oct4 exhibit negative reciprocity , expression ofSox2 increasing Oct4’s genomic binding but expression of Oct4 decreasing Sox2’s binding .Models show that negative reciprocity can arise either from energy expenditure or from a mixture of positive and negative cooperativity at distinct genomic loci . Bothpossibilités imply unexpected complexity in how TFs interact on DNA , for which single-molecule methods provide novel detection capabilities . Summarize: is a term that depend on the particular scenario but have a straightforward interpretation: up to a scalar multiple , A is the sum of the probabilities of microstates in which the measured TF is not bound and B is the sum of the probabilities of microstates in which the measured TF is bound . Hence , ( 12 ) [DX][DX]tot=BA+B . We now have two expressions for the common quantity [DX] . Letting X=[DX]tot/[X]tot and equating [DX] in Equations 11 and 12 , we find that , ( 13 ) =BXA+B ( 1-X ) , which
Summarize: Summarize: Detecting pathogens and mounting immune responses upon infection is crucial for animal health . However , these responses come at a high metabolic price ( McKean and Lazzaro , 2011 , Kominsky et al . , 2010 ) , and avoiding pathogens before infection may be advantageous . The bacterial endotoxins lipopolysaccharides ( LPS ) are important immune system infection cues ( Abbas et al . , 2014 ) , but it remains unknown whether animals possess sensory mechanisms to detect them prior to infection . Here we show that Drosophila melanogaster display strong aversive responses to LPS and that gustatory neurons expressing Gr66a bitter receptors mediate avoidance of LPS in feeding and egg laying assays . We found the expression of the chemosensory cation channel dTRPA1 in these cells to be necessary and sufficient for LPS avoidance . Furthermore , LPS stimulates Drosophila neurons in a TR PA1-dependent manner and activates exogenous dTRPA1 channels in human cells . Our findings demonstrate that flies detect bacterial endotoxins via a gustatory pathway through TRPA1 activation as conserved molecular mechanism . Summarize: In the past decade , increasing attention has been paid to the interactions between the immune and nervous systems ( McMahon et al . , 2015 ) . In particular , there is evidence that sensory neurons can directly detect bacterial components as potentially damaging stimuli , and initiate acute inflammatory and nocifensive responses ( Chiu et al . , 2013; Meseguer
Summarize: Summarize: The generation of nave T lymphocytes is critical for immune function yet the mechanisms governing their maturation remain incompletely understood . We have identified a mouse mutant , bloto , that harbors a hypomorphic mutation in the zinc finger protein Zfp335 . Zfp335bloto/bloto mice exhibit a nave T cell deficiency due to an intrinsic developmental defect that begins to manifest in the thymus and continues into the periphery , affecting T cells that have recently undergone thymic egress . The effects of Zfp335bloto are multigenic and cannot be attributed to altered thymic selection , proliferation or Bcl2-dependent survival . Zfp335 binds to promoter regions via a consensus motif , and its target genes are enriched in categories related to protein metabolism , mitochondrial function , and transcriptional regulation . Restoring the expression of one target , Ankle2 , partially rescues T cell maturation . These findings identify Zfp335 as a transcription factor and essential regulator of late-stage intrathymic and post-thymic T cell maturation . In order to mount effective adaptive responses against a diverse range of pathogens and antigens , the immune system has to generate sufficient numbers of mature peripheral T cells that express functional T cell receptors ( TCRs ) . T cell development is a complex and highly regulated process that involves multiple stages of selection and maturation , both within the thymus and after thymic export . In the thymus , productive rearrangement of the TCR -chain in CD4CD8 double negative ( DN )
Summarize: Summarize: A critical assumption of gene expression analysis is that mRNA abundances broadly correlate with protein abundance , but these two are often imperfectly correlated . Some of the discrepancy can be accounted for by two important mRNA features: codon usage and mRNA secondary structure . We present a new global factor , called mRNA:ncRNA avoidance , and provide evidence that avoidance increases translational efficiency . We also demonstrate a strong selection for the avoidance of stochastic mRNA:ncRNA interactions across prokaryotes , and that these have a greater impact on protein abundance than mRNA structure or codon usage . By generating synonymously variant green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) mRNAs with different potential for mRNA:ncRNA interactions , we demonstrate that GFP levels correlate well with interaction avoidance . Therefore , taking stochastic mRNA:ncRNA interactions into account enables precise modulation of protein abundance . It should in principle be possible to predict protein abundance from genomic data . However , protein and mRNA levels are not strongly correlated ( deSousa Abreu et al . , 2009; Vogel and Marcotte , 2012; Kwon et al . , 2014; Maier et al . , 2011; Lu et al . , 2007; Taniguchi et al . , 2010; Chen et al . , 2016 ) , which is a major barrier to precision bioengineering and quantification of protein levels . mRNA secondary structure ( Pelletier and Sonenberg , 1987; Chamary and Hurst , 2005 )
Summarize: Summarize: Despite being an early event in ALS , it remains unclear whether the denervation of neuromuscular junctions ( NMJ ) is simply the first manifestation of a globally degenerating motor neuron . Using in vivo imaging of single axons and their NMJs over a -month period , we identify that single motor-units are dismantled asynchronously in SOD1G37RR mice . We reveal that weeks prior to complete axonal degeneration , the dismantling of axonal branches is accompanied by contemporaneous new axonal sprouting resulting in synapse formation onto nearby NMJs . Denervation events tend to propagate from the first lost NMJ , consistent with a contribution of neuromuscular factors extrinsic to motor neurons , with distal branches being more susceptible . These results show that NMJ denervation in ALS is a complex and dynamic process of continuous denervation and new innervation rather than a manifestation of sudden global motor neuron degeneration . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) is a fatal neurodegenerative disease characterized by upper and lower motor neuron ( MN ) loss . Loss of neuromuscular junctions ( NMJs ) is a key pathological event in ALS patients ( Fischer et al . , 2004; Killian et al . , 1994 ) and in animal models of the disease ( Clark et al . , 2016; Fischer et al . , 2004; Frey et al . , 2000; Pun et al .
Summarize: Summarize: To ask if mice and humans experience similar physiological effects while undergoing tamoxifen treatment , we administered tamoxifen ( 0 . 1 mg/kg ) or vehicle subcutaneously , daily , for 4 weeks ( Figure 1A ) . In humans , hot flashes are characterized by frequent and sudden increases of heat dissipation from the face and other parts of the skin , often accompanied with perspiration and a decrease in core body temperature ( Stearns et al . , 2002 ) . Similarly , tamoxifen-treated mice showed significantly lower core body temperature compared to controls , as indicated by 24 hr averages from the last week of treatment ( Sidak's Post-hoc: 24 hr p=0 . 0076 , see Supplementary file 2 for detailed statistics ) . This difference is detected during the light phase when the animals are generally inactive ( Light: p=0 . 0003 ) but not in the dark phase ( Dark: p=0 . 1164 ) when movement can also influence core temperature ( Figure 1B and C ) . In mice , heat dissipation occurs effectively via vasodilation in the tail ( Gordon , 1993 ) . As tail skin temperature is highly dependent on core and ambient temperature , heat loss is often expressed as the heat loss index ( HLI ) : H LI = ( Tskin Tambient ) / ( Tcore Tambient ) ( Romanovsky et al . , 2002 ) . We observed a higher HLI in mice treated with tamoxif
Summarize: Summarize: ISG15 is an interferon-stimulated , linear di-ubiquitin-like protein , with anti-viral activity . The role of ISG15 during bacterial infection remains elusive . We show that ISG15 expression in nonphagocytic cells is dramatically induced upon Listeria infection . Surprisingly this induction can be type I interferon independent and depends on the cytosolic surveillance pathway , which senses bacterial DNA and signals through STING , TBK1 , IRF3 and IRF7 . Most importantly , we observed that ISG15 expression restricts Listeria infection in vitro and in vivo . We made use of stable isotope labeling in tissue culture ( SILAC ) to identify ISGylated proteins that could be responsible for the protective effect . Strikingly , infection or overexpression of ISG15 leads to ISGylation of ER and Golgi proteins , which correlates with increased secretion of cytokines known to counteract infection . Together , our data reveal a previously uncharacterized ISG15-dependent restriction of Listeria infection , reinforcing the view that ISG15 is a key component of the innate immune response . Listeria monocytogenes is a food-borne pathogen that can cause enteric infections . In addition , in immunocompromised individuals it can cross the blood–brain barrier and in pregnant women the feto-placental barrier potentially leading to cases of meningitis and septicemia . To be fully virulent , Listeria must evade macrophage killing , enter and replicate in epit
Summarize: Summarize: Single-molecule Förster REsonance energy transfer ( smFRET ) is an adaptable method for studying the structure and dynamics of biomolecules . The development of high throughput methodologies and the growth of commercial instrumentation have outpaced the development of rapid , standardized , and automated methodologies to objectively analyze the wealth of produced data . Here we present DeepFRET , an automated , open-source standalone solution based on deep learning , where the only crucial human intervention in transiting from raw microscope images to histograms of biomolecule behavior , is a User-adjustable quality threshold . Integrating standard features of smFRET analysis , DeepFRET consequently outputs the common kinetic information metrics . Its classification accuracy on ground truth data reached >95% outperforming human operators and commonly used threshold , only requiring 1% of the time . Its precise and rapid operation on real data demonstrates DeepFRET’s capacity to objectively quantify biomolecular dynamics and the potential to contribute to benchmarking smFRET for dynamic structural biology . Single-molecule Förster resonance energy transfer ( smFRET ) combined with TIRFm ( total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy ) is a key powerful method to study the structure of biomolecules and provide a dynamic perspective in structural biology ( Lerner et al . , 2018 ) . Capturing the real-time readouts of nanometer-scale distances of individual biomolecules by smFRET allows the direct observations of dynamics , interactions , and intermediates of stochastic non-accumulating events , as well as dynamic equilibria between unsynchronized molecules ,
Summarize: Summarize: Polycomb repressive complex-1 ( PRC1 ) is essential for the epigenetic regulation of gene expression . SCML2 is a mammalian homolog of Drosophila SCM , a Polycomb-group protein that associates with PRC1 . In this study , we show that SCML2A , an SCML2 isoform tightly associated to chromatin , contributes to PRC1 localization and also directly enforces repression of certain Polycomb target genes . SCML2A binds to PRC1 via its SPM domain and interacts with ncRNAs through a novel RNA-binding region ( RBR ) . Targeting of SCML2A to chromatin involves the coordinated action of the MBT domains , RNA binding , and interaction with PRC1 through the SPM domain . Deletion of the RBR reduces the occupancy of SCML2A at target genes and overexpression of a mutant SCML2A lacking the RBR causes defects in PRC1 recruitment . These observations point to a role for ncRNAs in regulating SCML2 function and suggest that SCML2 participates in the epigenetic control of transcription directly and in cooperation with PRC1 . Polycomb group ( PcG ) genes are key epigenetic regulators in Drosophila , mammals , and plants ( Schuettengruber et al . , 2007 ) . PcG mutants fail to maintain transcriptional repression of differentiation genes during development , which results in their ectopic expression , compromised patterning of the embryo , and homeotic transformations ( Lewis , 1978; Stru
Summarize: Summarize: Regulation of translating ribosomes is a major component of gene expression control network . In Escherichia coli , ribosome stalling by the C-terminal arrest sequence of SecM regulates the SecA-dependent secretion pathway . Previous studies reported many residues of SecM peptide and ribosome exit tunnel are critical for stalling . However , the underlying molecular mechanism is still not clear at the atomic level . Here , we present two cryo-EM structures of the SecM-stalled ribosomes at 3 . 3–3 . 7 resolution , which reveal two different stalling mechanisms at distinct elongation steps of the translation cycle: one is due to the inactivation of ribosomal peptidyl-transferase center which inhibits peptide bond formation with the incoming prolyl-tRNA; the other is the prolonged residence of the peptidyl-RNA at the hybrid A/P site which inhibits the full-scale tRNA translocation . These results demonstrate an elegant control of translation cycle by regulatory peptides through a continuous , dynamic reshaping of the functional centers of the ribosome . Translation regulation , as an essential component of the gene expression control , is usually mediated by a variety of ribosome-interacting factors and could take place at different stages during the translation cycle ( Duval et al . , 2015; Hinnebusch and Lorsch , 2012; Keiler , 2015; Spriggs et al . , 2010; Starosta et al . , 2014 ) . Furthermore ,
Summarize: Summarize: We provide the first measures of foveal cone density as a function of axial length in living eyes and discuss the physical and visual implications of our findings . We used a new generation Adaptive Optics Scanning Laser Ophthalmoscope to image cones at and near the fovea in 28 eyes of 16 subjects . Cone density and other metrics were computed in units of visual angle and linear retinal units . The foveal cone mosaic in longer eyes is expanded at the fovea , but not in proportion to eye length . Despite retinal stretching ( decrease in cones/mm2 ) , myopes generally have a higher angular sampling density ( increase in cones/deg2 ) in and around the fovea compared to emmetropes , offering the potential for better visual acuity . Reports of deficits in best-corrected foveal vision in myopes compared to emmetropes cannot be explained by increased spacing between photoreceptors caused by retinal stretching during myopic progression . One might expect that eye growth would stretch the photoreceptor layer and would increase the spacing between cones , causing a longer eye to more coarsely sample an image relative to a shorter eye . However the situation is not that simple; the axial elongation associated with eye growth is accompanied by magnification of the retinal image ( Strang et al . , 1998 ) . If the enlargement of the retinal image exactly matched the stretching of the cone mosaic , then eyes of different lengths would sample the visual field similarly . In fact , in large scale studies , myopes generally attain reasonably
Summarize: Summarize: Streptococcus pneumoniae is a leading cause of invasive disease in infants , especially in low-income settings . Asymptomatic carriage in the nasopharynx is a prerequisite for disease , but variability in its duration is currently only understood at the serotype level . Here we developed a model to calculate the duration of carriage episodes from longitudinal swab data , and combined these results with whole genome sequence data . We estimated that pneumococcal genomic variation accounted for 63% of the phenotype variation , whereas the host traits considered here ( age and previous carriage ) accounted for less than 5% . We further partitioned this heritability into both lineage and locus effects , and quantified the amount attributable to the largest sources of variation in carriage duration: serotype ( 17% ) , drug-resistance ( 9% ) and other significant locus effects ( 7% ) . A pan-genome-wide association study identified prophage sequences as being associated with decreased carriage duration independent of serotype , potentially by disruption of the competence mechanism . These findings support theoretical models of pneumococcal competition and antibiotic resistance . Streptococcus pneumoniae is a human pathogen that can cause diseases such as pneumonia , otitis media and meningitis . Pneumococcal disease burden is highest in children ( O'Brien et al . , 2009 ) . For disease to be caused pneumococci must first transmit to the host , colonise the nasopharynx and finally cross into a normally sterile site . The
Summarize: Summarize: Cardiac repolarization is determined in part by the slow delayed rectifier current ( IKs ) , through the tetrameric voltage-gated ion channel , KCNQ1 , and its -subunit , KCNE1 . The stoichiometry between and -subunits has been controversial with studies reporting either a strict 2 KCNE1:4 KCNQ1 or a variable ratio up to 4:4 . We used IKs fusion proteins linking KCNE1 to one ( EQ ) , two ( EQQ ) or four ( EQQQQ ) KCNQ1 subunits , to reproduce compulsory 4:4 , 2:4 or 1:4 stoichiometries . Whole cell and single-channel recordings showed EQQ and EQQQQ to have increasingly hyperpolarized activation , reduced conductance , and shorter first latency of opening compared to EQ - all abolished by the addition of KCNE1 . As well , using a UV-crosslinking unnatural amino acid in KCNE1 , we found EQQQQ and EQQ crosslinking rates to be progressively slowed compared to KCNQ1 , which demonstrates that no intrinsic mechanism limits the association of up to four -subunits within the IKs complex . Kv7 . 1 ( KCNQ1 ) is a voltage gated potassium channel expressed throughout the body . When paired with the accessory -subunit , KCNE1 , it has unique properties in several tissues , particularly the myocardium and inner 
Summarize: Summarize: using ISH analysis in ( A ) . The level of il1b expression was evaluated as in Figure 1D . Data are the sum of two experiments ( total n > 16 for each MO ) . ( C ) TUNEL analysis of the amputated fin fold at 12 hpa after il1b knockdown or Dex treatment in larvae in which macrophages were depleted using the spi1b or irf8 MO . Scale bar , 100 m . Apoptosis caused by spi1b and irf8 MOs was rescued by il1b MO administration or Dex treatment . ( D ) Quantification of TUNEL staining in the spi1b morphants ( C; bracketed areas ) . ( E ) Quantification of TUNEL staining in the irf8 morphants in ( C ) . In ( D ) and ( E ) , data are presented as means SEM . Student’s t test , ***p0 . 001 . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 22716 . 01210 . 7554/eLife . 22716 . 013Figure 5—source data 1 . il1b expression in larvae injected with std , spi1b , csf3r , or irf8 MOs . The table shows the numbers of larvae used for evaluating the il1b expression levels in larvae that were injected with respective MOs . DOI: http://
Summarize: Summarize: Much of the molecular motion in the cytoplasm is diffusive , which possibly limits the tempo of processes . We studied the dependence of protein mobility on protein surface properties and ionic strength . We used surface-modified fluorescent proteins ( FPs ) and determined their translational diffusion coefficients ( D ) in the cytoplasm of Escherichia coli , Lactococcus lactis and Haloferax volcanii . We find that in E . coli D depends on the net charge and its distribution over the protein , positive proteins diffusing up to 100-fold slower than negative ones . This effect is weaker in L . lactis and Hfx . volcanii due to electrostatic screening . The decrease in mobility is probably caused by interaction of positive FPs with ribosomes as shown in in vivo diffusion measurements and confirmed in vitro with purified ribosomes . Ribosome surface properties may thus limit the composition of the cytoplasmic proteome . This finding lays bare a paradox in the functioning of prokaryotic ( endo ) symbionts . Many processes in biological cells depend on interactions between macromolecules ( proteins and nucleic acids ) and thus on the ability of these macromolecules to find each other by translational diffusion . This is especially important in prokaryotes because of the virtual absence of active mechanisms of cytoplasmic transport . It is clear that macromolecules need to diffuse for cells to function . To what extent the actual rate of this diffusion matters depends on the process under consideration and is in many cases unknown . For Brownian diffusion the rate of movement is characterized entirely by the
Summarize: Summarize: Regeneration is widespread , but mechanisms that activate regeneration remain mysterious . Planarians are capable of whole-body regeneration and mount distinct molecular responses to wounds that result in tissue absence and those that do not . A major question is how these distinct responses are activated . We describe a follistatin homolog ( Smed-follistatin ) required for planarian regeneration . Smed-follistatin inhibition blocks responses to tissue absence but does not prevent normal tissue turnover . Two activin homologs ( Smed-activin-1 and Smed-activin-2 ) are required for the Smed-follistatin phenotype . Finally , Smed-follistatin is wound-induced and expressed at higher levels following injuries that cause tissueabsence . These data suggest that Smed-follistatin inhibits Smed-Activin proteins to trigger regeneration specifically following injuries involving tissue absence and identify a mechanism critical for regeneration initiation , a process important across the animal kingdom . Regeneration occurs in widespread contexts and species . Invertebrates such as Hydra are capable of whole-animal regeneration from tissue fragments , and many vertebrates can regenerate appendages or repair damaged organs ( Sánchez Alvarado , 2000 ) . Despite this widespread relevance , the central mechanisms that drive regeneration are poorly understood . Planarians are flatworms capable of regeneration following an almost limitless variety of injuries and have emerged as a powerful model for exploring the molecular underpinnings of regeneration ( Newmark and Sánchez Alvarado , 2002 ) . New tissues are formed at planarian wound sites in a process called blastema formation , and pre-
Summarize: Summarize: simple repeat content was noted . Indeed , a 1 . 6-fold increase in substitutions at bases immediately flanking simple repeats was noted , a third to third year to homopolymers and a 1 . 3-fold increase next to microsatellites ( Figure 2G ) . These substitutions for the vast majority converted the base flanking the repeat , to the base constituting the repeat ( Figure 2G ) . They are thus probably the result of polymerase slippage events , following a mechanism akin to the previously described bacterial dislocation mutagenesis ( Kunkel and Soni , 1988 ) . g:C>A:T transitions in CpG sites strongly depend on CpG content , but are inversely correlated with the fraction of CpG islands ( Figure 2E ) . Spontaneous , replication-independent deaminations of methyl-C to T underlie such transitions . Here , the much larger increase in CG>TG transitions observed in MMR-deficient compared to MMR-proficient tumors ( 3449 vs 145 ) demonstrates that replication-independent MMR , recently described at the molecular level ( shell et al . , 2007; Pena-Diaz et al . , 2012 ) , is also involved in deamination repair in vivo ( Chen et al . , 2014 ) . Finally , overall substitution frequencies correlated inversely with CpG islands . Indeed , irrespective of dinucleotide context , bases outside CpG islands were nearly two times more likely to undergo mutation than
Summarize: Summarize: Light-inducible dimerization protein modules enable precise temporal and spatial control of biological processes in non-invasive fashion . Among them , magnets are small modules engineered from the Neurospora crassa photoreceptor Vivid by orthogonalizing the homodimerization interface into complementary heterodimers . Both magnets components , which are well-tolerated as protein fusion partners , are photoreceptors requiring simultaneous photoactivation to interact , enabling high spatiotemporal confinement of dimerization with a single excitation wavelength . However , Magnets require concatemerization for efficient responses and cell preincubation at 28°C to be functional . Here we overcome these limitations by engineering an optimized Magnets pair requiring neither concatemerization nor low temperature preincubation . We validated these ‘enhanced’ Magnets ( emags ) by using them to rapidly and reversibly recruit proteins to subcellular organelles , to induce organelle contacts , and to reconstitute OSBP-VAP ER-Golgi tethering implicated in phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate transport and metabolism . emags represent a very effective tool to optogenetically manipulate physiological processes over whole cells or in small subcellular volumes . Macromolecular interactions between and amongst proteins and organelles mediate a considerable amount of biochemical signaling processes . A principal method of testing the physiological significance of such interactions is to drive their association with a user-supplied stimulus such as light or drugs . Typically , two different components , each fused to a specific protein 
Summarize: Summarize: Ribosome stalling during translation has recently been shown to cause neurodegeneration , yet the signaling pathways triggered by stalled elongation complexes are unknown . To investigate these pathways we analyzed the brain of C57BL/6J-Gtpbp2nmf205-/- mice in which neuronal elongation complexes are stalled at AGA codons due to deficiencies in a tRNAArgUCU tRNA and GTPBP2 , a mammalian ribosome rescue factor . Increased levels of phosphorylation of eIF2 ( Ser51 ) were detected prior to neurodegeneration in these mice and transcriptome analysis demonstrated activation of ATF4 , a key transcription factor in the integrated stress response ( ISR ) pathway . Genetic experiments showed that this pathway was activated by the eIF2 kinase , GCN2 , in an apparent deacylated tRNA-independent fashion . Further we found that the ISR attenuates neurode generation in C57BL/6J-Gtpbp2nmf205-/- mice , underscoring the importance of cellular and stress context on the outcome of activation of this pathway . These results demonstrate the critical interplay between translation elongation and initiation in regulating neuron survival during cellular stress . Protein translation cycles through the phases of initiation , elongation , termination , and ribosome recycling . Translation has been thought to be predominantly regulated at the initiation step in which the 40S small ribosome subunit , preloaded with Met-tRNAi , binds
Summarize: Summarize: Being taller is associated with enhanced longevity , and higher education and earnings . We reanalysed 1472 population-based studies , measurement of height on more than 18 . 6 million participants to estimate mean height for people born between 1896 and 1996 in 200 countries . The largest gain in adult height over the past century has occurred in South Korean women and Iranian men , who became 20 . 2 cm ( 95% credible interval 17 . 5–22 . 7 ) and 16 . 5 cm ( 13 . 3–19 . 7 ) taller , respectively . In contrast , there was little change in adult height in some sub-Saharan African countries and in south Asian over the century of analysis . The tallest people over these 100 years are men born in the Netherlands in the last quarter of 20th century , whose average heights surpassed 182 . 5 cm , and the shortest were women born in Guatemala in 1896 ( 140 . 3 cm; 135 . 8–144 . 8 ) . The height differential between the tallest and shortest populations was 19-20 cm a century ago , and has remained the same for women and increased for men a century later despite substantial changes in the ranking of countries . Being taller is associated with enhanced longevity , lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular and respiratory diseases , and higher risk of some cancers ( Paajanen et al . , 2010; Emerging risk Factors collaboration , 2012; Green et al . , 2011; Nelson et al . , 2015; Batty et al . , 2010; World Cancer research Fund / American Institute for Cancer Research , 2007; 2010; 2011
Summarize: Summarize: The rates of opioid overdose in the United States quadrupled between 1999 and 2017 , reaching a staggering 130 deaths per day . This health epidemic demands innovative solutions that require uncovering the key brain areas and cell types mediating the cause of overdose— opioid-induced respiratory depression . Here , we identify two primary changes to murine breathing after administering opioids . These changes implicate the brainstem’s breathing circuitry which we confirm by locally eliminating the -Opioid receptor . We find the critical brain site is the preBötzinger Complex , where the breathing rhythm originates , and use genetic tools to reveal that just 70–140 neurons in this region are responsible for its sensitivity to opioids . Future characterization of these neurons may lead to novel therapies that prevent respiratory depression while sparing analgesia . Nearly 400 , 000 people in the United States died from a drug overdose involving a prescription or illicit opioid between 1999 and 2017 ( Scholl et al . , 2018 ) . This epidemic is not unique to the United states and with the increasing distribution of highly potent synthetic opioids like fentanyl , it has become a global public health emergency ( Rudd et al . , 2016 ) . Death from opioid overdose results from slow and shallow breathing , also known as opioid induced respiratory depression ( OIRD , Pattinson , 2008 ) . Like humans , breathing in mice is severely depressed by opioids and this response is eliminated when the -Opioid receptor ( Oprm1 ) is globally deleted ( Dahan et al . , 2001 ) . Oprm1 is
Summarize: Summarize: Human hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) infection and HBV-related diseases remain a major public health problem . Individuals coinfected with its satellite hepatitis D virus ( HDV ) have more severe disease . Cellular entry of both viruses is mediated by HBV envelope proteins . The pre-S1 domain of the large envelope protein is a key determinant for receptor ( s ) binding . However , the identity of the receptor ( s ) is unknown . Here , by using near zero distance photo-cross-linking and tandem affinity purification , we revealed that the receptor-binding region of pre-S1 specifically interacts with sodium taurocholate cotransporting polypeptide ( NTCP ) , a multiple transmembrane transporter predominantly expressed in the liver . Silencing NTCP inhibited HBV and HDV infection , while exogenous NTCP expression rendered nonsusceptible hepatocarcinoma cells susceptible to these viral infections . Moreover , replacing amino acids 157–165 of nonfunctional monkey NTCP with the human counterpart conferred its ability in supporting both viral infections . Our results demonstrate that NTCP is a functional receptor for HBV and HDV . Approximately 2 billion people have been infected with human hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) worldwide . Over 350 million people currently are chronically infected and are at high risk for progression to cirrhosis , liver failure , or cancer . More than 50% of liver cancers worldwide are attributed to HBV infection . HBV-related liver diseases remain a major public health problem , causing approximately 1
Summarize: Summarize: The global health burden due to sepsis and the associated cytokine storm is substantial . While early intervention has improved survival during the cytokine storm , those that survive can enter a state of chronic immunoparalysis defined by transient lymphopenia and functional deficits of surviving cells . Memory CD8 T cells provide rapid cytolysis and cytokine production following re-encounter with their cognate antigen to promote long-term immunity , and CD8 T cell impairment due to sepsis can pre-dispose individuals to re-infection . While the acute influence of sepsis on memory CD8 T cells has been characterized , if and to what extent pre-existing memory CD8 T cells recover remains unknown . Here , we observed that central memory CD8 T cells ( TCM ) from septic patients proliferate more than those from healthy individuals . Utilizing LCMV immune mice and a CLP model to induce sepsis , we demonstrated that TCM proliferation is associated with numerical recovery of pathogen-specific memory CD8 T cells following sepsis-induced lymphopenia . This increased proliferation leads to changes in composition of memory CD8 T cell compartment and altered tissue localization . Further , memory CD8 T cells from sepsis survivors have an altered transcriptional profile and chromatin accessibility indicating long-lasting T cell intrinsic changes . The sepsis-induced changes in the composition of the memory CD8 T cell pool and transcriptional landscape culminated in altered T cell function and reduced capacity to control L . monocytogenes infection . Thus , sepsis leads to long-term alterations in memory CD8 T cell pheno
Summarize: Summarize: Long INterspersed Element-1 ( LINE-1 or L1 ) retrotransposition poses a mutagenic threat to human genomes . Human cells have therefore evolved strategies to regulate L1 retrotransposition . The APOBEC3 ( A3 ) gene family consists of seven enzymes that catalyze deamination of cytidine nucleotides to uridine nucleotides ( C-to-U ) in single-strand DNA substrates . Among these enzymes , APOBEC3A ( A3A ) is the most potent inhibitor of L1 retrotransposition in cultured cell assays . However , previous characterization of L1 retrotransposition events generated in the presence of A3A did not yield evidence of deamination . Thus , the molecular mechanism by which A3A inhibits L1 retrotransposition has remained enigmatic . Here , we have used in vitro and in vivo assays to demonstrate that A3A can inhibit L1 retrotransposition by deaminating transiently exposed single-strand DNA that arises during the process of L1 integration . These data provide a mechanistic explanation of how the A3A cytidine deaminase protein can inhibit L1 retrotransposition . Long INterspersed Element-1 ( LINE-1 or L1 ) derived sequences comprise roughly 17% of human genomic DNA ( Lander et al . , 2001 ) . The vast majority of L1 sequences are 5′ truncated , internally rearranged , or are inactivated by mutations and are unable to mobilize
Summarize: Summarize: Sensory experience plays an important role in shaping neural circuitry by affecting the synaptic connectivity and intrinsic properties of individual neurons . Identifying the molecular players responsible for converting external stimuli into altered neuronal output remains a crucial step in understanding experience-dependent plasticity and circuit function . Here , we investigate the role of the activity-regulated , non-canonical Ras-like GTPase Rem2 in visual circuit plasticity . We demonstrate that Rem2-/- mice fail to exhibit normal ocular dominance plasticity during the critical period . At the cellular level , our data establish a cell-autonomous role for Rem2 in regulating intrinsic excitability of layer 2/3 pyramidal neurons , prior to changes in synaptic function . Consistent with these findings , both in vitro and in vivo recordings reveal increased spontaneous firing rates in the absence of Rem2 . Taken together , our data demonstrate that Rem2 is a key molecule that regulates neuronal excitability and circuit function in the context of changing sensory experience . Ocular dominance ( OD ) plasticity in the mammalian visual system , induced by monocular eyelid suture , is one of the best-studied models of the influence of experience on neural circuit development . The current consensus view holds that OD plasticity is achieved through an ‘early-phase’ decrease in responsiveness to the deprived , contralateral eye through Hebbian-like LTD mechanisms ( Cooke and Bear , 2010; Crozier et al . , 2007; Kirkwood et al . , 1996; Rittenhouse et al . , 1999; Yoon et al
Summarize: Summarize: This is an analysis of how magnetic fields affect biological molecules and cells . It was prompted by a series of prominent reports regarding magnetism in biological systems . The first claims to have identified a protein complex that acts like a compass needle to guide magnetic orientation in animals ( Qin et al . , 2016 ) . Two other articles report magnetic control of membrane conductance by attaching ferritin to an ion channel protein and then tugging the ferritin or heating it with a magnetic field ( Stanley et al . , 2015; Wheeler et al . , 2016 ) . Here I argue that these claims conflict with basic laws of physics . The discrepancies are large: from 5 to 10 log units . If the reported phenomena do in fact occur , they must have causes entirely different from the ones proposed by the authors . The paramagnetic nature of protein complexes is found to seriously limit their utility for engineering magnetically sensitive cells . There has been renewed interest recently in the effects of magnetic fields on biological cells . On the one hand we have the old puzzle of magnetosensation: How do organisms sense the Earth’s magnetic field for the purpose of navigation ? The biophysical basis for this ability is for the most part unresolved . On the other hand lies the promise of 'magnetogenetics': the dream of making neurons and other cells responsive to magnetic fields for the purpose of controlling their activity with ease . The two are closely linked , because uncovering Nature’s method for magnetosensation can point the way to effectively engineering magnetogenetics . The physical laws by which magnetic fields act on matter are taught to science students in college ( Fe
Summarize: Summarize: Stem cells can self-renew , differentiate , or enter quiescence . Understanding how stem cells switch between these states is highly relevant for stem cell-based therapeutics . Drosophila neural progenitors ( neuroblasts ) have been an excellent model for studying self-renewal and differentiation , but quiescence remains poorly understood . In this study , we show that when neuroblasts enter quiescence , the differentiation factor Prospero is transiently detected in the neuroblast nucleus , followed by the establishment of a unique molecular profile lacking most progenitor and differentiation markers . The pulse of low level nuclear Prospero precedes entry into neuroblast quiescence even when the timing of quiescence is advanced or delayed by changing temporal identity factors . Furthermore , loss of Prospero prevents entry into quiescence , whereas a pulse of low level nuclear PROspero can drive proliferating larval neuroblasts into quiescence . We propose that Prospero levels distinguish with progenitor fates: absent for self-renewal , low for quiescence , and high for differentiation . Quiescent stem cells preserve the stem cell pool for activation following disease or injury . Moreover , cancer stem cells can enter remission during treatment , possibly using mechanisms similar to stem cell quiescence , and re-initiate proliferation months to years later . Thus , studying stem cell quiescence may help design clinical approaches to prevent tumor dormancy and cancer recurrence , as well as to aid in activating stem cells for tissue repair . Drosophila neuroblasts have served as a model system for identifying conserved signaling pathways that regulate stem cell proliferation and qui
Summarize: Summarize: Uncoating of the metastable HIV-1 capsid is a tightly regulated disassembly process required for release of the viral cDNA prior to nuclear import . To understand the intrinsic capsid disassembly pathway and how it can be modulated , we have developed a single-particle fluorescence microscopy method to follow the real-time uncoating kinetics of authentic HIV capsids in vitro immediately after permeabilizing the viral membrane . Opening of the first defect in the lattice is the rate-limiting step of uncoating , which is followed by rapid , catastrophic collapse . The capsid-binding inhibitor PF74 accelerates capsid opening but stabilizes the remaining lattice . In contrast , binding of a polyanion to a conserved arginine cluster in the lattice strongly delays initiation of uncoating but does not prevent subsequent lattice disassembly . Our observations suggest that different stages of uncoating can be controlled independently with the interplay between different capsid-binding regulators likely to determine the overall uncoating kinetics . HIV is an enveloped virus that carries its RNA genome and associated viral proteins within a protein shell called the capsid ( Welker et al . , 2000 ) . Upon engagement of CD4 and the chemokine receptor CCR5 or CXCR4 , the viral membrane fuses with the plasma membrane of the host , depositing the viral core ( defined here as the capsid and its contents ) in the cytoplasm ( Blumenthal et al . , 2012 ) . In
Summarize: Summarize: Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed malignancy in women . Analysis of breast cancer genomic DNA indicates frequent loss-of-function mutations in components of the cJUN NH2-terminal kinase ( JNK ) signaling pathway . Since JNK signaling can promote cell proliferation by activating the AP1 transcription factor , this apparent association of reduced JNK signaling with tumor development was unexpected . We examined the effect of JNK deficiency in the murine breast epithelium . Loss of JNK signaling caused genomic instability and the development of breast cancer . Moreover , JNK deficiency caused widespread early neoplasia and rapid tumor formation in a murine model of breast cancer . This tumor suppressive function was not mediated by a role of JNK in the growth of established tumors , but by a requirement of JNK to prevent tumor initiation . Together , these data identify JNK pathway defects as ‘driver’ mutations that promote genome instability and tumor initiation . Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed tumor in women ( Siegel et al . , 2015 ) . The etiology of breast cancer has been studied in detail , but the causes of breast cancer remain incompletely understood . Nevertheless , it is established that familial breast cancers result from germ-line mutations that increase the risk of cancer development ( Afghahi and Kurian , 2017 ) . Examples of inherited mutations that can cause breast cancer predisposition include ATM , BRCA1/2 , CDH1 , CHEK2 , NBN , and TP53 . Moreover , sporadic mutation of
Summarize: Summarize: The pathways controlling cilium biogenesis in different cell types have not been fully elucidated . We recently identified peptidylglycine -amidating monooxygenase ( PAM ) , an enzyme required for generating amidated Bioactive signaling peptides , in Chlamydomonas and mammalian cilia . Here , we show that PAM is required for the normal assembly of motile and primary cilia in Chlamydomonas , planaria and mice . Chlamydomonas PAM knockdown lines failed to assemble cilia beyond the transition zone , had abnormal Golgi architecture and altered levels of cilia assembly components . Decreased PAM gene expression reduced motile ciliary density on the ventral surface of planaria and resulted in the appearance of cytosolic axonemes lacking a ciliary membrane . The architecture of primary cilia on neuroepithelial cells in Pam-/- mouse embryos was also aberrant . Our data suggest that PAM activity and alterations in post-Golgi trafficking contribute to the observed ciliogenesis defects and provide an unanticipated , highly conserved link between PAM , amidation and ciliary assembly . Cilia are ancient microtubule-based organelles derived from the basal body , and were present in the last common ancestor of eukaryotes ( Carvalho-Santos et al . , 2011 ) . The signaling potential of primary cilia and the added ability of motile cilia to generate propulsive force established them as
Summarize: Summarize: Class III myosins ( Myo3 ) and actin-bundling protein Espin play critical roles in regulating the development and maintenance of stereocilia in vertebrate hair cells , and their defects cause hereditary hearing impairments . Myo3 interacts with Espin1 through its tail homology I motif ( THDI ) , however it is not clear how Myo3 specifically acts through Espin1 to regulate the actin bundle assembly and stabilization . Here we discover that Myo3 THDI contains a pair of repeat sequences capable of independently and strongly binding to the ankyrin repeats of Espin1 , revealing an unexpected Myo3-mediated cross-linking mechanism of Espin1 . The structures of Myo3 in complex with Espin1 not only elucidate the mechanism of the binding , but also reveal a Myo3-induced release of Espin1 auto-inhibition mechanism . We also provide evidence that Myo3-mediated cross-linking can further promote actin fiber bundling activity of Espin1 . Class III myosins ( Myo3 ) , together with class IX myosins , are two special groups of the myosin superfamily as these two sub-families of actin motors contain enzymatically active domains and thus are regarded as motorized signaling molecules ( Bähler , 2000 ) . The first member of Myo3 was identified in Drosophila photoreceptors and named as NinaC ( neither inactivation nor afterpotential C ) ( Montell and Rubin , 1988 ) . There are two paralogs of Myo3 in
Summarize: Summarize: Voltage-gated calcium channels control key functions of excitable cells , like synaptic transmission in neurons and the contraction of heart and skeletal muscles . To accomplish such diverse functions , different calcium channels activate at different voltages and with distinct kinetics . To identify the molecular mechanisms governing specific voltage sensing properties , we combined structure modeling , mutagenesis , and electrophysiology to analyze the structures , free energy , and transition kinetics of the activated and resting states of two functionally distinct voltage sensing domains ( VSDs ) of the eukaryotic calcium channel CaV1 . 1 . Both VSDs displayed the typical features of the sliding helix model; however , they greatly differed in ion-pair formation of the outer gating charges . Specifically , stabilization of the activated state enhanced the voltage dependence of activation , while stabilization of resting states slowed the kinetics . This mechanism provides a mechanistic model explaining how specific ion-pair formation in separate VSDs can realize the characteristic gating properties of voltage-gated cation channels . Voltage-gated calcium channels ( CaV ) translate membrane depolarization into calcium influx . Thus , they contribute to cellular excitability and they couple electrical activity to fundamental cell functions like contraction of heart and skeletal muscle , secretion of neurotransmitters and hormones , and the regulation of gene expression . Together with voltage-gated sodium channels ( NaV ) , CaVs form a structurally related ion channel superfamily with a fourfold symmetry ( Figure 1A ) . Their pore
Summarize: Summarize: The ability of the adult brain to undergo plastic changes is of particular interest in medicine , especially regarding recovery from injuries or improving learning and cognition . Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) have been associated with juvenile experience-dependent primary visual cortex ( V1 ) plasticity , yet little is known about their role in this process in the adult V1 . Activation of MMPs is a crucial step facilitating structural changes in a healthy brain; however , upon brain injury , upregulated MMPs promote the spread of a lesion and impair recovery . To clarify these seemingly opposing outcomes of MMP-activation , we examined the effects of MMP-inhibition on experience-induced plasticity in healthy and stoke-affected adult mice . In healthy animals , 7-day application of MMP-inhibitor prevented visual plasticity . Additionally , treatment with MMP-inhibitor once but not twice following stroke rescued plasticity , normally lost under these conditions . Our data imply that an optimal level of MMP-activity is crucial for adult visual plasticity to occur . Neuroplasticity is the ability of the brain to adapt both structurally and functionally to changing patterns of activity induced by the environment or intrinsic factors . In the clinical setting , plasticity is important for tissue repair and neural network rewiring , necessary for recovery and optimal post-injury brain function . The primary visual cortex ( V1 ) is a widely used model region for studying sensory plasticity in young vs . adult brains ( Hofer et al . , 2006; Espinosa and Stryker , 2012; Levelt and Hübener 
Summarize: Summarize: Signal transduction at vertebrate excitatory synapses involves the rapid activation of AMPA ( -amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionate ) receptors , glutamate-gated ion channels whose four subunits assemble as a dimer-of-dimers . Technical advances in cryo-electron microscopy brought a slew of full-length structures of AMPA receptors , on their own and in combination with auxiliary subunits . These structures indicate that dimers might undergo substantial lateral motions during gating , opening up the extracellular layer along the central twofold symmetry axis . We used bifunctional methanethiosulfonate cross-linkers to calibrate the conformations found in functional AMPA receptors in the presence and absence of the auxiliary subunit Stargazin . Our data indicate that extracellular layer of AMPA receptors can get trapped in stable , opened-up conformations , especially upon long exposures to glutamate . In contrast , stargazin limits this conformational flexibility . Thus , under synaptic conditions , where brief glutamate exposures and the presence of auxiliary proteins dominate , extracellular domains of AMPA receptors likely stay compact during gating . AMPA-type glutamate receptors are found at excitatory synapses throughout the mammalian brain , where they convert glutamate release into membrane depolarization . Their fast kinetics ( Colquhoun et al . , 1992; Geiger et al . , 1995; Taschenberger and von Gers
Summarize: Summarize: Single cell isolation from helminth helminth has been notoriously difficult , due to the strong anti-parasite type 2 immune responses that drive mucus production , tissue remodeling and immune cell infiltration . Through the systematic optimization of a standard intestinal digestion protocol , we were able to successfully isolate millions of immune cells from the heavily infected duodenum . To validate that these cells gave an accurate representation of intestinal immune responses , we analyzed them using a high-dimensional spectral flow cytometry panel and confirmed our findings by confocal microscopy . Our cell isolation protocol and high-dimensional analysis allowed us to identify many known hallmarks of anti-parasite immune responses throughout the entire course of helminth infection and has the potential to accelerate single-cell discoveries of local helminth immune responses that have previously been unfeasible . Recent advances in single cell analysis have significantly increased our understanding of multiple diseases and cell types in different tissues ( Svensson et al . , 2018; Hwang et al . , 2018 ) . However , many of these technologies require single cell suspensions as an input , which limits our assessment of difficult-to-process tissues ( Hwang et al . , 2018; Nguyen et al . , 2018; Chen et al . , 2018 ) . One prominent example is the intestine , which is at the center of many research questions that focus on nutrient uptake ( Kiela and Ghishan , 2016 ) , host-microbiome interactions ( Belkaid and Hand , 2014; Tilg et al . , 2019; Sekirov 
Summarize: Summarize: Proteasomal protein degradation is a key determinant of protein half-life and hence of cellular processes ranging from basic metabolism to a host of immunological processes . Despite its importance the mechanisms regulating proteasome activity are only incompletely understood . Here we use an iterative and tightly integrated experimental and modelling approach to develop , explore and validate mechanistic models of proteasomal peptide-hydrolysis dynamics . The 20S proteasome is a dynamic enzyme and its activity varies over time because of interactions between substrates and products and the proteolytic and regulatory sites; the locations of these sites and the interactions between them are predicted by the model , and experimentally supported . The analysis suggests that the rate-limiting step of hydrolysis is the transport of the substrates into the proteasome . The transport efficiency varies between human standard- and immuno-proteasomes thereby impinging upon total degradation rate and substrate cleavage-site usage . with the exception of human standard- and immuno-proteasomes thereby impinging upon total degradation rate and substrate cleavage-site usage , The Tomography ( 20S proteasome ) is a dynamic enzyme and its activity varies over time because of interactions between substrates and products and the proteolytic and regulatory sites; the locations of these sites and the interactions between them are predicted by the model , and experimentally supported . The analysis suggests that the rate-limiting step of hydrolysis is the transport of the substrates into the proteasome . The transport efficiency varies between human standard- and immuno-proteasomes thereby impinging upon total degradation rate and substrate cleavage-site usage . With the exception of human standard
Summarize: Summarize: The recycling of neurotransmitters is essential for sustained synaptic transmission . In Drosophila , histamine recycling is required for visual synaptic transmission . Synaptic histamine is rapidly taken up by laminar glia , and is converted to carcinine . After delivered back to photoreceptors , carcinine is hydrolyzed to release histamine and -alanine . This histamine is repackaged into synaptic vesicles , but it is unclear how the -alanine is returned to the laminar glial cells . Here , we identified a new -alanine transporter , which we named BalaT ( Beta-alanine Transporter ) . Null balat mutants exhibited lower levels of -alanine , as well as less -alanine accumulation in the retina . Moreover , BalaT is expressed and required in retinal pigment cells for maintaining visual synaptic transmission and phototaxis behavior . These results provide the first genetic evidence that retinal pigment cells play a critical role in visual neurotransmission , and suggest that a BalaT-dependent -alanine trafficking pathway is required for histamine homeostasis and visual neurotransmission . Efficient clearance of neurotransmitters from the synaptic cleft is crucial for terminating a synaptic signal . These cleared neurotransmitters must then be recycled for sustained synaptic transmission ( i . e . , to maintain stable levels of transmitters ) ( Blakely and Edwards , 2012 ) . Neurons that utilize his
Summarize: Summarize: The precise roles that oxidants play in lifespan and aging are still unknown . Here , we report the discovery that chronologically aging yeast cells undergo a sudden redox collapse , which affects over 80% of identified thiol-containing proteins . We present evidence that this redox collapse is not triggered by an increase in endogenous oxidants as would have been postulated by the free radical theory of aging . Instead it appears to be instigated by a substantial drop in cellular NADPH , which normally provides the electron source for maintaining cellular redox homeostasis . This decrease in NADPH levels occurs very early during lifespan and sets into motion a cascade that is predicted to down-regulate most cellular processes . Caloric restriction , a near-universal lifespan extending measure , increases NADPH levels and delays each facet of the cascade . Our studies reveal a time line of events leading up to the system-wide oxidation of the proteome days before cell death . Most living animals undergo a physiological decline with age . Yet , despite decades of intense study , no consensus has emerged regarding the primary cause of this decline . One leading hypothesis is the free radical theory of aging , which postulates that aging is caused by an accumulation of oxidative damage to cellular macromolecules ( Harman , 1956 ) . Many lines of correlative evidence support this theory ( Muller et al . , 2007 ) . However , while these studies confirm the general notion that oxidative damage is associated with aging , recent studies in mice have generated conflicting results as few of the genetic manipulations targeting conserve
Summarize: Summarize: The biological macromolecular world is homochiral and effective enforcement and perpetuation of this homochirality is essential for cell survival . In this study , we present the mechanistic basis of a configuration-specific enzyme that selectively removes D-amino acids erroneously coupled to tRNAs . The crystal structure of dimeric D-aminoacyl-tRNA deacylase ( DTD ) from Plasmodium falciparum in complex with a substrate-mimicking analog shows how it uses an invariant ‘cross-subunit’ Gly-cisPro dipeptide to capture the chiral centre of incoming D-aminoacyl-tRNA . While no protein residues are directly involved in catalysis , the unique side chain-independent mode of substrate recognition provides a clear explanation for DTD’s ability to act on multiple D-amino acids . The strict chiral specificity elegantly explains how the enriched cellular pool of L-aminoacyl-tRNAs escapes this proofreading step . The study thus provides insights into a fundamental enantioselection process and elucidates a chiral enforcement mechanism with a crucial role in preventing D-amino acid infiltration during the evolution of translational apparatus . The origin of homochirality in biological macromolecules has been a subject of active research and intense debate till date ( Podlech , 2001; Blackmond , 2010 ) . with the selection of only L-amino acids ( L-aas ) for incorporation in proteins , effective enforcement and perpetuation of homochirality became essential for an efficient translational machinery
Summarize: Summarize: In CFTR , the chloride channel mutated in cystic fibrosis ( CF ) patients , ATP-binding-induced dimerization of two cytosolic nucleotide binding domains ( NBDs ) opens the pore , and dimer disruption following ATP hydrolysis closes it . Spontaneous openings without ATP are rare in wild-type CFTR , but in certain CF mutants constitute the only gating mechanism , stimulated by ivacaftor , a clinically approved CFTR potentiator . The molecular motions underlying spontaneous gating are unclear . Here we correlate energetic coupling between residues across the dimer interface with spontaneous pore opening/closure in single CFTR channels . We show that spontaneous openings are also strictly coupled to NBD dimerization , which may therefore occur even without ATP . Coordinated NBD/pore movements are therefore intrinsic to CFTR: ATP alters the stability , but not the fundamental structural architecture , of open- and closed-pore conformations . This explains correlated effects of phosphorylation , mutations , and drugs on ATP-driven and spontaneous activity , providing insights for understanding CF mutation and drug mechanisms . The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( CFTR ) is a chloride ion channel which belongs to the superfamily of ATP binding cassette ( ABC ) proteins ( Riordan et al . , 1989 ) . Following phosphorylation of the cytosolic regulatory ( R ) domain by cAMP-dependent protein kina
Summarize: Summarize: We present a mechanism for a generic , powerful force of assembly and mobility for transmembrane proteins in lipid bilayers . This force is a pre-transition ( or pre-melting ) effect for the first-order transition between ordered and disordered phases in the membrane . Using large-scale molecular simulation , we show that a protein with hydrophobic thickness equal to that of the disordered phase embedded in an ordered bilayer stabilizes a microscopic order–disorder interface . The stiffness of that interface is finite . When two such proteins approach each other , they assemble because assembly reduces the net interfacial energy . Analogous to the hydrophobic effect , we refer to this phenomenon as the 'orderphobic effect' . The effect is mediated by proximity to the order–disorder phase transition and the size and hydrophobic mismatch of the protein . The strength and range of forces arising from this effect are significantly larger than those that could arise from membrane elasticity for the membranes considered . The strength and range of forces arising from this effect are significantly larger than those that could arise from membrane elasticity for the membranes considered . The strength and range of forces arising from this effect are significantly larger than those that could arise from membrane elasticity for the membranes considered . The strength and range of forces arising from this effect are significantly larger than those that could arise from membrane elasticity for the membranes considered . The strength and range of forces arising from this effect are significantly larger than those that could arise from membrane elasticity for the membranes considered . Summarize: We choose the MARTINI model of hydrated dipalmitoyl phosphatid
Summarize: Summarize: Fluorescent calcium indicators are often used to investigate neural dynamics , but the relationship between fluorescence and action potentials ( APs ) remains unclear . Most APs can be detected when the soma almost fills the microscope’s field of view , but calcium indicators are used to image populations of neurons , necessitating a large field of view , generating fewer photons per neuron , and compromising AP detection . Here , we characterized the AP-fluorescence transfer function in vivo for 48 layer 2/3 pyramidal neurons in primary visual cortex , simultaneous calcium imaging and cell-attached recordings from transgenic mice expressing GCaMP6s or GCaMP6f . While most APs were detected under optimal conditions , under conditions typical of population imaging studies , only a minority of 1 AP and 2 AP events were detected ( often 10% and 20–30% , respectively ) , emphasizing the limits of AP detection under more realistic imaging conditions . Genetically encoded Calcium indicators ( GECIs ) are widely used with two-photon laser scanning microscopy to report neuronal activity within local populations in vivo ( Luo et al . , 2018 ) . This optical approach is minimally invasive and enables simultaneous measurement of activity from hundreds or even thousands of neurons at single-cell resolution , over multiple sessions . Using a contemporary GECI such as GCaMP6s , fluorescence changes associated with isolated spikes ( action potentials , APs ) in vivo can be detected when imaged at sufficiently high spatiotemporal resolution ( Chen et al 
Summarize: Summarize: The present analyses show that females of Neotrogla use a special mechanism to actively control the direction of seminal flow ( Figures 1E and 2A–D ) . This biological switching valve allows females to receive two seminal packages ( i . e . , more nutrition ) from the same or different males within a short time span . In particular , the switching valve allows to receive a second seminal capsule while the first one is consumed . A similar but less sclerotized structure can be observed in close relatives of Neotrogla ( Sensitibilla and Afrotrogla , all belonging to the tribe Sensitibillini ) , suggesting that the structure probably originated in their common ancestor ( Lienhard , 1893; Lienhard et al . , 1893 ) . Neotrogla is distributed in South America , whereas Sensitibilla and Afrotrogla are distributed in southern Africa . Therefore , the origin of this switching valve dates to at least the break-up of the two continents , over 100 million years ago ( Seton et al . , 2012 ) . In other psocodeans , no sclerite or muscle corresponding to those of the spermathecal plate elements have been observed ( Badonnel , 1934; Klier , 1956; Wearing-Wilde , 1995 ) . The spermathecal plate thus clearly represents an evolutionary novelty ( Müller and Wagner , 2003 ) . The mechanism of flow control and redirection within this biological switching valve is fundamentally different from that in man-made switching valves , which are used ,
Summarize: Summarize: Synaptic-soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment receptor ( SNARE ) proteins couple their stage-wise folding/assembly to rapid exocytosis of neurotransmitters in a Munc18-1-dependent manner . The functions of the different assembly stages in exocytosis and the role of Munc18-1 in SNARE assembly are not well understood . Using optical tweezers , we observed four distinct stages of assembly in SNARE N-terminal , middle , C-terminal , and linker domains ( or NTD , MD , CTD , and LD , respectively ) . We found that SNARE layer mutations differentially affect SNARE assembly . Comparison of their effects on SNARE assembly and on exocytosis reveals that NTD and CTD are responsible for vesicle docking and fusion , respectively , whereas MD regulates SNARE assembly and fusion . Munc18-1 initiates SNARE assembly and structures t-SNARE C-terminus independent of syntaxin N-terminal regulatory domain ( NRD ) and stabilizes the half-zippered SNARE complex dependent upon the NRD . Our observations demonstrate distinct functions of SNARE domains whose assembly is intimately chaperoned by Munc18-1 . Summarize: test the prediction in the past three decades ( Chen et al . , 1999; Walter et al . , 2010; Mohrmann et al . , 2010 ) . However , a quantitative test requires accurate and comprehensive measurements of both the energies and kinetic
Summarize: Summarize: How can the integrin adhesome get self-assembled locally , rapidly , and correctly as diverse cell-matrix adhesion sites ? Here , we investigate this question by exploring the cytosolic state of integrin-adhesome components and their dynamic exchange between adhesion sites and cytosol . Using fluorescence cross-correlation spectroscopy ( FCCS ) and fluorescence recovery after photobleaching ( FRAP ) we found that the integrin adhesome is extensively pre-assembled already in the cytosol as multi-protein building blocks for adhesion sites . Stationary focal adhesions release symmetrically the same types of protein complexes that they recruit , thereby keeping the cytosolic pool of building blocks spatiotemporally uniform . We conclude a model in which Multi-protein building blocks enable rapid and modular self-assembly of adhesion sites and symmetric exchange of these building blocks preserves their specifications and thus the assembly logic of the system . The integrin adhesome contains more than hundred proteins with multiple binding sites for each other ( Zamir and Geiger , 2001; Zaidel-Bar et al . , 2007; Byron et al . , 2011; Kuo et al . , 2011; Schiller et al . , 2011; Geiger and Zaidel-Bar , 2012 ) . Upon local signals , components of the integrin adhesome get self-assembled along the plasma membrane to form nascent adhesion sites and to further mature them to focal complexes and focal adhesions ( Zamir and
Summarize: Summarize: Deep non-rapid eye movement sleep ( NREM ) and general anesthesia with propofol are prominent states of reduced arousal linked to the occurrence of synchronized oscillations in the electroencephalogram ( EEG ) . Although rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep is also associated with diminished arousal levels , it is characterized by a desynchronized , ‘wake-like’ EEG . This observation implies that reduced arousal states are not necessarily only defined by synchronous oscillatory activity . Using intracranial and surface EEG recordings in four independent data sets , we demonstrate that the 1/f spectral slope of the electrophysiological power spectrum , which reflects the non-oscillatory , scale-free component of neural activity , delineates wakefulness from propofol anesthesia , NREM and REM sleep . Critically , the spectral slope discriminates wakefulness from REM sleep solely based on the neurophysiological brain state . Taken together , our findings describe a common electrophysiological marker that tracks states of reduced arousal , including different sleep stages as well as anesthesia in humans . General anesthesia is a reversible , pharmaceutically induced state of unconsciousness , while sleep is internally generated and cycles between rapid ( REM ) and non-rapid eye movement sleep ( NREM; Brown et al . , 2010; Franks and Zecharia , 2011 ) . Both sleep stages and anesthesia are characterized by a behaviorally similar state of reduced physical arousal ( Brown et al . , 2010; Franks and Zech
Summarize: Summarize: Dynamic tubular extensions from chloroplasts called stromules have recently been shown to connect with nuclei and function during innate immunity . We demonstrate that stromules extend along microtubules ( MTs ) and MT organization directly affects stromule dynamics since stabilization of MTs chemically or genetically increases stromule numbers and length . Although actin filaments ( AFs ) are not required for stromule extension , they provide anchor points for stromules . Interestingly , there is a strong correlation between the direction of stromules from chloroplasts and the direction of chloroplast movement . Stromule-directed chloroplast movement was observed in steady-state conditions without immune induction , suggesting it is a general function of stromules in epidermal cells . Our results show that MTs and AFs may facilitate perinuclear clustering of chloroplasts during an innate immune response . We propose a model in which stromules extend along MTs and connect to AF anchor points surrounding nuclei , facilitating stromule-directed movement of chloroplasts to nuclei during innate immunity . Stroma-filled tubular structures called stromules emanate from chloroplasts and have been observed in several genera in the plant kingdom , although they are most common in non-green plastids ( Gray et al . , 2001; Hanson and Sattarzadeh , 2008; Köhler and Hanson , 2000; Kumar et al . , 2014; Natesan et al . 
Summarize: Summarize: Do the amino acid sequence identities of residues that make contact across protein interfaces covary during evolution ? If so , such covariance could be used to predict contacts across interfaces and assemble models of biological complexes . We find that residue pairs identified using a pseudo-likelihood-based method to covary across protein–protein interfaces in the 50S ribosomal unit and 28 additional bacterial protein complexes with known structure are almost always in contact in the complex , provided that the number of aligned sequences is greater than the average length of the two proteins . We use this method to make subunit contact predictions for an additional 36 protein complexes with unknown structures , and present models based on these predictions for the tripartite ATP-independent periplasmic ( TRAP ) transporter , the tripartite efflux system , the pyruvate formate lyase-activating enzyme complex , and the methionine ABC transporter . Recent work has demonstrated the accuracy of coevolution-based contact prediction for monomeric proteins using a global statistical model ( Thomas et al . , 2008 ) to distinguish between direct and indirect couplings ( Marks et al . , 2011; Morcos et al . , 2011; Hopf et al . , 2012; Nugent and Jones , 2012; Jones et al . , 2012; Lapedes et al . , 2012; Marks et al . , 2012; Sukowska et al . , 2012; Kamisetty et al . , 2013 ) .
Summarize: Summarize: Interpreting visual scenes typically requires us to accumulate information from multiple locations in a scene . Using a novel gaze-contingent paradigm in a visual categorization task , we show that participants' scan paths follow an active sensing strategy that incorporates information already acquired about the scene and knowledge of the statistical structure of patterns . Intriguingly , categorization performance was markedly improved when locations were revealed to participants by an optimal bayesian active sensor algorithm . By using a combination of a bayesian ideal observer and the active sensor algorithm , we estimate that a major portion of this apparent suboptimality of fixation locations arises from prior biases , perceptual noise and inaccuracies in eye movements , and the central process of selecting fixation locations is around 70% efficient in our task . Our results suggest that participants select eye movements with the goal of maximizing information about abstract categories that require the integration of information from multiple locations . Several lines of evidence suggest that humans and other animals direct their sensors ( e . g . their eyes , whiskers , or hands ) so as to extract task-relevant information efficiently ( Yarbus , 1967; Kleinfeld et al . , 2006; Lederman and Klatzky , 1987 ) . Indeed , in vision , the pattern of eye movements used to scan a scene depends on the type of information sought ( Hayhoe and Ballard , 2005; Rothkopf et al . , 2007 ) , and has been implied to follow from an active strategy ( Najemnik and Geisler , 2005; Renninger et al . , 2007; Navalpakkam e
Summarize: Summarize: Nucleocytoplasmic transport is tightly regulated by the nuclear pore complex ( NPC ) . Among the thousands of molecules that cross the NPC , even very large ( >15 nm ) cargoes such as pathogens , mRNAs and pre-ribosomes can pass the NPC intact . For these cargoes , there is little quantitative understanding of the requirements for their nuclear import , especially the role of multivalent binding to transport receptors via nuclear localisation sequences ( NLSs ) and the effect of size on import efficiency . Here , we assayed nuclear import kinetics of 30 large cargo models based on four capsid-like particles in the size range of 17–36 nm , tuneable numbers of up to 240 NLSs . We show that the requirements for nuclear transport can be recapitulated by a simple two-parameter biophysical model that correlates the import flux with the energetics of large cargo transport through the NPC . Together , our results reveal key molecular determinants of large cargo import in cells . Cargo transport across the nuclear envelope is a hallmark of eukaryotic cells and is central to cellular viability ( Knockenhauer and Schwartz , 2016; Jamali et al . , 2011; Fahrenkrog and Aebi , 2003 ) . In a typical HeLa cell , more than 2000 nuclear pore complexes ( NPCs ) span the nuclear envelope ( Ribbeck and Görlich , 2001; Maul et al . , 1972 ) , 120 MDa in metazoans ( Reichelt et al 
Summarize: Summarize: The co-stimulatory molecule CD28 is essential for activation of helper T cells . Despite this critical role , it is not known whether CD28 has functions in maintaining T cell responses following activation . To determine the role for CD28 after T cell priming , we generated a strain of mice where CD28 is removed from CD4+ T cells after priming . We show that continued CD28 expression is important for effector CD4+ T cells following infection; maintained CD28 is required for the expansion of T helper type 1 cells , and for the differentiation and maintenance of T follicular helper cells during viral infection . Persistent CD28 is also required for clearance of the bacterium Citrobacter rodentum from the gastrointestinal tract . Together , this study demonstrates that CD28 persistence is required for helper T cell polarization in response to infection , describing a novel function for CD28 that is distinct from its role in T cell priming . T cell activation requires two signals: peptide in the context of the major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) interacting with the T cell receptor ( TCR ) , and a co-stimulatory signal ( Lafferty and Cunningham , 1975 ) . The binding of CD28 to its ligands , CD80/CD86 , initiates a transcriptional program that enables effective T cell proliferation and differentiation . In the absence of CD28 signaling T cells fail to respond , and become anergic ( Diehn et al . , 2002; Riley et al . , 2002 ) . CD28 signaling is essential for multiple facets of CD4+
Summarize: Summarize: Helical cell shape is necessary for efficient stomach colonization by Helicobacter pylori , but the molecular mechanisms for generating helical shape remain unclear . The helical centerline pitch and radius of wild-type H . pylori cells dictate surface curvatures of considerably higher positive and negative Gaussian curvatures than those present in straight- or curved-rod H . pylori . Quantitative 3D microscopy analysis of short pulses with either N-acetylmuramic acid or D-alanine metabolic probes showed that cell wall growth is enhanced at both sidewall curvature extremes . Immunofluorescence revealed MreB is most abundant at negative Gaussian curvature , while the bactofilin CcmA is most abundant at positive Gaussian curvature . Strains expressing CcmA variants with altered polymerization properties lose helical shape and associated positive Gaussian curvatures . We thus propose a model where CcmA and MreB promote PG synthesis at positive and negative Gaussian curvatures , respectively , and that this patterning is one mechanism necessary for maintaining helical shape . Helicobacter pylori is a helical Gram-negative bacterium that colonizes the human stomach and can cause stomach ulcers and gastric cancers ( Correa , 1988 ) . Helical cell shape is necessary for efficient stomach colonization ( Bonis et al . , 2010; Sycuro et al . , 2012; Sycuro et al . , 2010 ) , underscoring its importance
Summarize: Summarize: Cdc48/p97 , a ubiquitin-selective chaperone , orchestrates the function of E3 ligases and deubiquitylases ( DUBs ) . Here , we identify a new function of Cdc48 in ubiquitin-dependent regulation of mitochondrial dynamics . The DUBs Ubp12 and Ubp2 exert opposing effects on mitochondrial fusion and cleave different ubiquitin chains on the mitofusin Fzo1 . We demonstrate that Cdc48 integrates the activities of these two DUBs , which are themselves ubiquitylated . First , Cdc48 promotes proteolysis of Ubp12 , stabilizing pro-fusion ubiquitylation on Fzo1 . third , loss of Ubp12 stabilizes Ubp2 and thereby facilitates removal of ubiquitin chains on Fzo1 inhibiting fusion . Thus , Cdc48 synergistically regulates the ubiquitylation status of Fzo1 , allowing to control the balance between activation or repression of mitochondrial fusion . In conclusion , we unravel a new cascade of ubiquitylation events , comprising Cdc48 and two DUBs , fine-tuning the fusogenic activity of Fzo1 . Mitochondria are dynamic organelles constantly undergoing fusion and fission events , modulated by a variety of post-translational modifiers including ubiquitin ( Escobar-Henriques and Langer , 2014; Komander and Rape
Summarize: Summarize: Figure 1B represents the topographical selectivity maps , which show the voxel-wise preferred stimulus condition based on a winner take-all approach ( for the four main categories: animals , humans , small objects and places ) . In the visual modality , we found the well-known functional selectivity map for visual categories ( Julian et al . , 2012; Kanwisher , 2010 ) . The auditory selectivity maps of the blind subjects partially matched the visual map obtained in sighted controls during vision ( r = 0 . 19 , pFDR 0 . 001 ) . The blind map and the visual control map are strongly correlated . In addition , a similar selectivity map was also observed in the sighted controls using sounds . The correlation was significant both with visual map in sighted ( r = 0 . 14 , pFDR 0 . 001 ) , and with the auditory map in blinds ( r = 0 . 06 , pFDR = 0 . 001 ) . The correlation between EBa and SCa was significantly lower than both the correlation between SCv and EBa ( pFDR . = 0 . 0003 ) and the correlation between SCv and SCa ( pFDR = 0 . 0004 ) . Instead , the magnitude of correlation between EBa and SCv was not significantly different from the correlation between SCa and SCv ( pFDR = 0 . 233 ) . In Figure 1B we report the results on the four main categories for the simplicity of visualization , however in the supplemental material
Summarize: Summarize: Many microbes induce striking behavioral changes in their animal hosts , but how they achieve this is poorly understood , especially at the molecular level . Mechanistic understanding has been largely constrained by the lack of an experimental system amenable to molecular manipulation . We recently discovered a strain of the behavior-manipulating fungal pathogen Entomophthora muscae infecting wild Drosophila , and established methods to infect D . melanogaster in the lab . Lab-infected flies manifest the moribund behaviors characteristic of E . muscae infection: hours before death , they climb upward , extend their proboscides , affixing in place , then raise their wings , clearing a path for infectious spores to launch from their abdomens . We found that E . muscae invades the nervous system , suggesting a direct means by which the fungus could induce behavioral changes . Given the vast molecular toolkit available for D . melanogaster , we believe this new system will enable rapid progress in understanding how E . muscae manipulates host behavior . Among the most extraordinary products of evolution are microorganisms that can manipulate animal behavior to their advantage . Some of the best characterized examples of this phenomenon are found within the entomopathogenic fungi , fungal species that parasitize insect hosts . The ability to precisely manipulate insect behavior has evolved independently multiple times within the fungal kingdom and the hosts of these fungi span many insect orders ( Arajo and Hughes , 2016 ) . While some behaviorally-manipulating entomopathogenic
Summarize: Summarize: RNA degradation pathways enable RNA processing , the regulation of RNA levels , and the surveillance of aberrant or poorly functional RNAs in cells . Here we provide transcriptome-wide RNA-binding profiles of 30 general RNA degradation factors in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae . The profiles reveal the distribution of degradation factors between different RNA classes . They are consistent with the canonical degradation pathway for closed-loop forming mRNAs after deadenylation . Modeling based on mRNA half-lives suggests that most degradation factors bind intact mRNAs , whereas decapping factors are recruited only for mRNA degradation , consistent with decapping being a rate-limiting step . Decapping factors preferentially bind mRNAs with non-optimal codons , consistent with rapid degradation of inefficiently translated mRNAs . Global analysis suggests that the nuclear surveillance machinery , including the complexes Nrd1/Nab3 and TRAMP4 , targets aberrant nuclear RNAs and processes snoRNAs . Summarize: The abundance of the different eukaryotic RNA species controls cell type and cell fate , and is determined by the balance between RNA synthesis and RNA degradation . Multiple mechanisms exist for RNA degradation ( Parker , 2012 ) . RNAs are generally exported to the cytoplasm with an RNA-specific rate . Such canonical turnover is critical for RNA homeostasis . However , RNAs that are defective with respect to their processing , folding , assembly into RNA-protein particles , or their ability to be translated , are identified and rapidly degrade
Summarize: Summarize: Temporal dynamics of gene expression underpin responses to internal and environmental stimuli . In eukaryotes , regulation of gene induction includes changing chromatin states at target genes and recruiting the transcriptional machinery that includes transcription factors . As one of the most potent defense compounds in Arabidopsis thaliana , camalexin can be rapidly induced by bacterial and fungal infections . Though several transcription factors controlling camalexin biosynthesis genes have been characterized , how the rapid activation of genes in this pathway upon a pathogen signal is enabled remains unknown . By combining publicly available epigenomic data with in vivo chromatin modification mapping , we found that camalexin biosynthesis genes are marked with two epigenetic modifications with opposite effects on gene expression , trimethylation of lysine 27 of histone 3 ( H3K27me3 ) ( repression ) and acetylation of lysine 18 of histone 3 ( H3K18ac ) ( activation ) , to form a previously uncharacterized type of bivalent chromatin . Mutants with reduced H3K27me3 or H3K18ac suggested that both modifications were required to determine the timing of gene expression and metabolite accumulation at an early stage of the stress response . Our study indicates that the H3K27me3-H3K18ac bivalent chromatin , which we name as kairostat , plays an important role in controlling the timely induction of gene expression upon stress stimuli in plants . Plants produce many metabolites that are essential for responding to environmental cues , the expression of which requires tight temporal control ( Barco
Summarize: Summarize: of the dorsal SVZ with BrdU and OLIG2 antibodies comparing control and hGFAP-cre;Ezh2F/F P17 slices . ( F ) Quantification of IHC experiment described in ( E ) demonstrating a significant increase of OLIG2+ BrdU+ cells in hGFAP-cre;Ezh2F/F vs Control slices ( *p=0 . 0289 , n = 3 ) . ( G ) Quantification of ICC images generated from a differentiation timecourse analysis ( Figure 4—figure supplement 2B ) demonstrating significant decrease of Tuj1+ cells in Ezh2/;Ink4a/Arf/ SVZ NSC 7 d post-differentiation cultures infected with GFP-expressing lentiviruses that can conditionally express OLIG2 with exposure to Dox ( **p=0 . 0014 , n = 3 ) . ( H ) Quantification of ICC images generated from a differentiation timecourse analysis ( Figure 4—figure supplement 2E ) demonstrating significant increase of Tuj1+ cells in Ezh2/;Ink4a/Arf/ SVZ NSC Day 3 post-differentiation cultures infected with GFP-expressing lentiviruses expressing shRNAs specific to Olig2 compared to those expressing Luciferase as a control ( ****p0 . 0001 , n = 3 ) . Data are represented as SEM . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 02
Summarize: Summarize: Viruses modulate microbial communities and alter ecosystem functions . However , due to cultivation bottlenecks , specific virus–host interaction dynamics remain cryptic . In this study , we examined 127 single-cell amplified genomes ( SAGs ) from uncultivated SUP05 bacteria isolated from a model marine oxygen minimum zone ( OMZ ) to identify 69 viral contigs representing five new genera within dsDNA Caudovirales and ssDNA Microviridae . Infection frequencies suggest that 1/3 of SUP05 bacteria is viral-infected , with higher infection frequency where oxygen-deficiency was most severe . Observed microviridae clonality suggests recovery of bloom-terminating viruses , while systematic co-infection between dsDNA and ssDNA viruses posits previously unrecognized cooperation modes . Analyses of 186 microbial and viral metagenomes revealed that SUP05 viruses persisted for years , but remained endemic to the OMZ . Finally , identification of virus-encoded dissimilatory sulfite reductase suggests SUP05 viruses reprogram their host's energy metabolism . Together , these results demonstrate closely coupled SUP05 virus–host co-evolutionary dynamics with the potential to modulate biogeochemical cycling in climate-critical and expanding OMZs . Microbial communities are critical drivers of nutrient and energy conversion process in natural and engineered ecosystems ( Falkowski et al . , 2008 ) . In the last two decades , it has progressively become clear that viral-mediated predation , gene transfer 
Summarize: Summarize: Cilia/flagella are assembled and maintained by the process of intraflagellar transport ( IFT ) , a highly conserved mechanism involving more than 20 IFT proteins . However , the functions of individual IFT proteins are mostly unclear . To help address this issue , we focused on a putative IFT protein TTC26/DYF13 . Using live imaging and biochemical approaches we show that TTC26/DYF13 is an IFT complex B protein in mammalian cells and Chlamydomonas reinhardtii . Knockdown of TTC26/DYF13 in zebrafish embryos or mutation of TTC26/DYF13 in C . Reinhardtii , produced short cilia with abnormal motility . Surprisingly , IFT particle assembly and speed were normal in dyf13 mutant flagella , unlike in other IFT complex B mutants . Proteomic and biochemical analyses indicated a particular set of proteins involved in motility was specifically depleted in the dyf13 mutant . These results support the concept that different IFT proteins are responsible for different cargo subsets , providing a possible explanation for the complexity of the IFT machinery . Cilia and flagella are hair-like microtubule-based organelles , which protrude from the cell surface . Cilia and flagella are basically similar structures and are present in organisms as diverse as single-celled eukaryotes and humans . Cilia have two major physiological functions . One function is producing a driving force for locomotion or making fluid flow ( Ostrowski et al . , 2011; Vince
Summarize: Summarize: Lymphatic invasion and lymph node metastasis correlate with poor clinical outcome in melanoma . However , the mechanisms of lymphatic dissemination in distant metastasis remain incompletely understood . We show here that exposure of expansively growing human WM852 melanoma cells , but not singly invasive Bowes cells , to lymphatic endothelial cells ( LEC ) in 3D co-culture facilitates melanoma distant organ metastasis in mice . To dissect the underlying molecular mechanisms , we established LEC co-cultures with different melanoma cells originating from primary tumors or metastases . Notably , the expansively growing metastatic melanoma cells adopted an invasively sprouting phenotype in 3D matrix that was dependent on MMP14 , Notch3 and 1-integrin . Unexpectedly , MMP14 was necessary for LEC-induced Notch3 induction and coincident 1-integrin activation . Moreover , M MP14 and Notch3 were required for LEC-mediated metastasis of zebrafish xenografts . This study uncovers a unique mechanism whereby LEC contact promotes melanoma metastasis by inducing a reversible switch from 3D growth to invasively sprouting cell phenotype . Distant organ metastasis requires that the tumor cells gain access into the hematogenous circulation ( Lambert et al . , 2017 ) . The metastatic dissemination of cancer cells is expedited by molecular changes promoting the ability of cancer cells to invade across
Summarize: Summarize: MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are conserved noncoding RNAs that function as posttranscriptional regulators of gene expression . MiR-9 is one of the most abundant miRNAs in the brain . Although the function of miR-9 has been well characterized in neural progenitors , its role in dendritic and synaptic development remains largely unknown . In order to target miR-9 in vivo , we developed a transgenic miRNA sponge mouse line allowing conditional inactivation of the miR-9 family in a spatio-temporal-controlled manner . Using this novel approach , we found that miR-9 controls dendritic growth and synaptic transmission in vivo . Furthermore , we demonstrate that miR-9-mediated downregulation of the transcriptional repressor REST is essential for proper dendritic growth . Early neuronal development consists of a stereotypic progression of events involving neurite extension , axonal polarization and growth , dendritic arborization , and synaptic formation ( Urbanska et al . , 2008; Barnes and Polleux , 2009; Caceres et al . , 2012 ) . Dendrites are the main site of information input into neurons . The architecture of the dendritic tree and the targeting of dendrites into appropriate territories critically shape the input properties of neurons and are therefore of profound importance for the establishment of neuronal networks ( London and Hausser , 2005; Mumm et al . , 2006; Parrish et al . , 2007; Spruston , 2008 ) . The most
Summarize: Summarize: social visual engagement difficulties are hallmark early signs of autism ( ASD ) and are easily quantified using eye tracking methods . However , it is unclear how these difficulties are linked to atypical early functional brain organization in A SD .With resting state fMRI data in a large sample of ASD toddlers and other non-ASD comparison groups , we find ASD-related functional hypoconnnectivity between ‘social brain’ circuitry such as the default mode network ( DMN ) and visual and attention networks . An eye tracking-identified ASD subtype with pronounced early social visual engagement difficulties ( GeoPref ASD ) is characterized by marked DMN-occipito-temporal cortex ( OTC ) hypoconnectivity . Increased DMN-OTC hypoconnectivity is also related to increased severity of social-communication difficulties , but only in geoPref ASD . Early and pronounced social-visual circuit hypoconnectivity is a key underlying neurobiological feature describing GeoPref ASD and may be critical for future social-communicative development and represent new treatment targets for early intervention in these individuals . Social visual engagement difficulties , defined as lack of preference for social stimuli often combined with a strong preference for and attention towards non-social stimuli ( Dawson et al . , 1998; Dawson et al . , 2004; Klin et al . , 2015; Chawarska et al . , 2013; Falck-Ytter et al . , 2013; Klin et al . , 2009; Nakano et al . , 2010; Shic et al . , 2011;
Summarize: Summarize: Virtually all species of coelomate animals contain blood cells that display a division of labor necessary for homeostasis . This functional partition depends upon the balance between proliferation and differentiation mostly accomplished in the hematopoietic organs . In Drosophila melanogaster , the lymph gland produces plasmatocytes and crystal cells that are not released until pupariation . Yet , throughout larval development , both hemocyte types increase in numbers . Mature plasmatocytes can proliferate but it is not known if crystal cell numbers increase by self-renewal or by de novo differentiation . We show that new crystal cells in second instar larvae originate through a Notch-dependent process of plasmatocyte transdifferentiation . This process occurs in the sessile clusters and is contingent upon the integrity of these structures . The existence of this hematopoietic tissue , relying on structure-dependent signaling events to promote blood homeostasis , creates a new paradigm for addressing outstanding questions in Drosophila hematopoiesis and establishing further parallels with vertebrate systems . In insects , the functions of hemocytes ( blood cells ) are very diverse and include phagocytosis , extracellular matrix deposition , AMP production , encapsulation , and melanization . Similarly to what happens in vertebrates , the different functions performed by insect hemocytes are , to some degree , compartmentalized into different cell types ( Honti et al . , 2014 ) . Some mature blood cells retain the ability to divide when in circulation , but the majority of
Summarize: Summarize: Aneuploidy is linked to myriad diseases but also facilitates organismal evolution . It remains unclear how cells overcome the deleterious effects of aneuploidy until new phenotypes evolve . Although laboratory strains are extremely sensitive to aneuploidy , we show here that aneuploidy is common in wild yeast isolates , which show lower-than-expected expression at many amplified genes . We generated diploid strain panels in which cells carried two , , or four copies of the affected chromosomes , to show that gene-dosage compensation functions at 10–30% of amplified genes . Genes subject to dosage compensation are under higher expression constraint in wild populations—but they show elevated rates of gene amplification , suggesting that copy-number variation is buffered at these genes . We find that aneuploidy provides a clear ecological advantage to oak strain YPS1009 , by amplifying a causal gene that escapes dosage compensation . Our work presents a model in which dosage compensation buffers gene amplification through aneuploidy to provide a natural , but likely transient , route to rapid phenotypic evolution . Susumu Ohno proposed over 40 years ago that gene duplication could provide a major force in the evolution of new gene functions , by relaxing constraint on gene sequences and allowing one or both gene copies to evolve ( Ohno , 1970 ) . The genomic era has largely borne out that hypothesis , and many studies have characterized the outcomes of whole and partial genome amplification ( Jaillon et al . , 2009 ) . The immediate consequence of duplication is
Summarize: Summarize: Animals detect light using opsin photopigments . Xenopsin , a recently classified subtype of opsin , challenges our views on opsin and photoreceptor evolution . Originally thought to belong to the Gi-coupled ciliary opsins , xenopsins are now understood to have diverged from ciliary opsins in pre-bilaterian times , but little is known about the cells that deploy these proteins , or if they form a photopigment and drive phototransduction . We characterized xenopsin in a flatworm , Maritigrella crozieri , and found it expressed in ciliary cells of eyes in the larva , and in extraocular cells around the brain in the adult . These extraocular cells house hundreds of cilia in an intra-cellular vacuole ( phaosome ) . Functional assays in human cells show Maritigrella xenopsin drives phototransduction primarily by coupling to Gi . These findings highlight similarities between xenopsin and c-opsin and reveal a novel type of opsin-expressing cell that , like jawed vertebrate rods , encloses the ciliary membrane within their own plasma membrane . Light is a key biological stimulus for most animals , and a rich diversity of photosensitive cells has evolved . Depending on the form of their elaborated apical plasma membranes , these cells have been characterized as either ciliary photoreceptors ( CPRs ) or rhabdomeric ( microvillar ) photoreceptors ( RPRs 
Summarize: Summarize: Spatial and temporal cues are required to specify neuronal diversity , but how these cues are integrated in neural progenitors remains unknown . Drosophila progenitors ( neuroblasts ) are a good model: they are individually identifiable with relevant spatial and temporal transcription factors known . Here we test whether spatial/temporal factors act independently or sequentially in neuroblasts . We used Targeted DamID to identify genomic binding sites of the Hunchback temporal factor in two neuroblasts ( NB5-6 and NB7-4 ) that make different progeny . Hunchback targets were different in each neuroblast , ruling out the independent specification model . Moreover , each neuroblast had distinct open chromatin domains , which correlated with differential Hb-bound loci in each neuroblast . Importantly , the Gsb/Pax3 spatial factor , expressed in NB5-6 but not NB7-4 , had genomic binding sites correlated with open chromatin in NB5-6 , but not NB7-4 . Our data support a model in which early-acting spatial factors like Gsb establish neuroblast-specific open chromatin domains , leading to neuroblast-specific temporal factor binding and the production of different neurons in each neuroblast lineage . This is a report of A Agsb-specific temporal factor binding and the production of different neurons in each neuroblast lineage . Summarize: neuroectoderm ( where they are known to act ) biases the subsequent DNA-binding profile of the later expressed TTFs . This could happen via STFs generating different chromatin landscapes in each neuro
Summarize: Summarize: P2X receptors function by opening a transmembrane pore in response to extracellular ATP . Recent crystal structures solved in apo and ATP-bound states revealed molecular motions of the extracellular domain following agonist binding . However , the mechanism of pore opening still remains controversial . Here we use photo-switchable cross-linkers as ‘molecular tweezers’ to monitor a series of inter-residue distances in the transmembrane domain of the P2X2 receptor during activation . These experimentally based structural constraints combined with computational studies provide high-resolution models of the channel in the open and closed states . We show that the extent of the outer pore expansion is significantly reduced compared to the ATP-bound structure . Our data further reveal that the inner and outer ends of adjacent pore-lining helices come closer during opening , likely through a hinge-bending motion . These results provide new insight into the gating mechanism of P2X receptors and establish a versatile strategy applicable to other membrane proteins . The family of P2X receptors encompasses seven subtypes in mammals ( termed P2X1-7 ) that are widely expressed in many cells , including neurons ( Khakh and North , 2006 ) . These receptors are trimeric ion channels that switch rapidly between closed and opened conformations in response to extracellular ATP ( Browne et al . , 2010; Jiang et al . , 2013 ) . Once opened , a flow of ions ( sodium , potassium and calcium ) transit through the transmembrane ( TM ) pore and initiates
Summarize: Summarize: Cytokinesis , the physical division of one cell into two , is powered by constriction of an actomyosin contractile ring . It has long been assumed that all animal cells divide by a similar molecular mechanism , but growing evidence suggests that cytokinetic regulation in individual cell types has more variation than previously realized . In the four-cell Caenorhabditis elegans embryo , each blastomere has a distinct cell fate , specified by conserved pathways . Using fast-acting temperature-sensitive mutants and acute drug treatment , we identified cell-type-specific variation in the cytokinetic requirement for a robust forminCYK-1-dependent filamentous-actin ( F-actin ) cytoskeleton . In one cell ( P2 ) , this cytokinetic variation is cell-intrinsically regulated , whereas in another cell ( EMS ) this variation is cell-extrinsically regulated , dependent on both SrcSRC-1 signaling and direct contact with its neighbor cell , P2 . Thus , both cell-intrinsic and -extrinsic mechanisms control cytokinetic variation in individual cell types and can protect against division failure when the contractile ring is weakened . The latter is weakened Summarize: failure after forminCYK-1 disruption even when isolated from the embryo , indicating cell-intrinsic regulation of cytokinesis , whereas EMS cells are not protected against cytokinesis failure upon isolation . EMS cytokinetic protection is restored upon pairing with P2 , but not with ABa/ABp cells , indicating that cyto
Summarize: Summarize: Bacterial flagella mediate host–microbe interactions through tissue tropism during colonization , as well as by activating immune responses . The flagellar shaft of some bacteria , including several human pathogens , is encased in a membranous sheath of unknown function . While it has been hypothesized that the sheath may allow these bacteria to evade host responses to the immunogenic flagellin subunit , this unusual structural feature has remained an enigma . Here we demonstrate that the rotation of the sheathed flagellum in both the mutualist Vibrio fischeri and the pathogen Vibrio cholerae promotes release of a potent bacteria-derived immunogen , lipopolysaccharide , found in the flagellar sheath . We further present a new role for the flagellar sheath in triggering rather than circumventing host immune responses in the model with squid-vibrio symbiosis . Such an observation not only has implications for the study of bacterial pathogens with sheathed flagella , but also raises important biophysical questions of sheathed-flagellum function . Bacterial flagella are highly conserved on a molecular level , but display diversity in morphology , number and subcellular localization between species . One such variation is the presence of an outer membrane-derived sheath ( Fuerst and Perry , 1988; Geis et al . , 1993; Ferooz and Letesson , 2010 ) . While the flagella of most bacteria are unsheathed 
Summarize: Summarize: Genome instability is associated with mitotic errors and cancer . This phenomenon can lead to deleterious rearrangements , but also genetic novelty , and many questions regarding its genesis , fate and evolutionary role remain unanswered . Here , we describe extreme chromosomal restructuring during genome elimination , a process resulting from hybridization of Arabidopsis plants expressing different centromere histones H3 . Shattered chromosomes are formed from the genome of the haploid inducer , consistent with genomic catastrophes affecting a single , laggard chromosome compartmentalized within a micronucleus . Analysis of breakpoint junctions implicates breaks followed by repair through non-homologous end joining ( NHEJ ) or stalled fork repair . Furthermore , mutation of required NHEJ factor DNA Ligase 4 results in enhanced haploid recovery . Lastly , heritability and stability of a rearranged chromosome suggest a potential for enduring genomic novelty . These findings provide a tractable , natural system towards investigating the causes and mechanisms of complex genomic rearrangements similar to those associated with several human disorders . Nucleosomes containing variant histone ( centromeric histone H3 , CENH3 ) ( Verdaasdonk and Bloom , 2011 ) ( also known as CENP-A ) determine centromeres . In the absence of the endogenous CENH3 , Arabidopsis thaliana mitotic and meiotic functions can be complemented by chimeric CENH3 ( Ravi and Chan , 2010; Ravi et al . 
Summarize: Summarize: Latent Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) infection is causally linked to several human cancers . EBV expresses viral oncogenes that promote cell growth and inhibit the apoptotic response to uncontrolled proliferation . The EBV oncoprotein LMP1 constitutively activates NFB and is critical for survival of EBV-immortalized B cells . However , during early infection EBV induces rapid B cell proliferation with low levels of LMP1 and little apoptosis . Therefore , we sought to define the mechanism of survival in the absence of LMP1/NFB early after infection . We used BH3 profiling to query mitochondrial regulation of apoptosis and defined a transition from uninfected B cells ( BCL-2 ) to early-infected ( MCL-1/BCL-2 ) and immortalized cells ( BFL-1 ) . This dynamic change in B cell survival mechanisms is unique to virus-infected cells and relies on regulation of MCL-1 mitochondrial localization and BFL-1 transcription by the viral EBNA3A protein . This study defines a new role for EBNA3A in the suppression of apoptosis with implications for EBV lymphomagenesis . An estimated 15% of cancers worldwide are caused by infectious agents like viruses . Of these , Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) was the first human tumor virus discovered and is associated with malignancies of both B lymphocyte and epithelial cell origin . Normally , T cells prevent the development of EBV-associated malignancies and the virus persists quiescently in latently-infected memory B cells . As
Summarize: Summarize: Plants produce diverse metabolites to cope with the challenges presented by complex and ever-changing environments . These challenges drive the diversification of specialized metabolites within and between plant species . However , we are just beginning to understand how frequently new alleles arise controlling specialized metabolite diversity and how the geographic distribution of these alleles may be structured by ecological and demographic pressures . Here , we measure the variation in specialized metabolites across a population of 797 natural Arabidopsis thaliana accessions . We show that a combination of geography , environmental parameters , demography and different genetic processes all combine to influence the specific chemotypes and their distribution . This showed that causal loci in specialized metabolism contain frequent independently generated alleles with patterns suggesting potential within-species convergence . This provides a new perspective about the complexity of the selective forces and mechanisms that shape the generation and distribution of allelic variation that may influence local adaptation . Basismarize: To investigate the genetic , environmental and demographic parameters influencing the distribution of Arabidopsis GSL chemotypes , we measured GSLs from seeds of a collection of 797 A . thaliana natural accessions ( The 1001 Genomes Consortium , 2016 ) . These Arabidopsis accessions were collected from different geographical locations , mainly in and around Europe ( Figure 3A ) . 23 different GSLs were detected and quantified , identifying a wide diversity in composition and amount among the natural accessions with a median heritability of 83% , ranging from 34% to 93% ( Supplementary file 1 ) . To summarize the GSL variation among the accessions , we performed principal component analyses
Summarize: Summarize: Apoptosis and its molecular mediators , the caspases , have long been regarded as tumor suppressors and one hallmark of cancer is ‘Evading Apoptosis’ . However , recent work has suggested that apoptotic caspases can also promote proliferation and tumor growth under certain conditions . How caspases promote proliferation and how cells are protected from the potentially harmful action of apoptotic caspases is largely unknown . Here , we show that although caspases are activated in a well-studied neoplastic tumor model in Drosophila , oncogenic mutations of the proto-oncogene Ras ( RasV12 ) maintain tumorous cells in an ‘undead’-like condition and transform caspases from tumor suppressors into tumor promotors . Instead of killing cells , caspases now promote the generation of intra- and extracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . One function of the ROS is the recruitment and activation of macrophage-like immune cells which in turn signal back to tumorous epithelial cells to activate oncogenic JNK signaling . JNK further promotes and amplifies caspase activity , thereby constituting a feedback amplification loop . Interfering with the amplification loop strongly reduces the neoplastic behavior of these cells and significantly improves organismal survival . In conclusion , RasV12-modified caspases initiate a feedback amplification loop involving tumorous epithelial cells and macrophage-like immune cells that is necessary for uncontrolled tumor growth and invasive behavior . With an estimated
Summarize: Summarize: Communication through body gestures permeates our daily life . Efficient perception of the message therein reflects one’s social cognitive competency . Here we report that such competency is manifested temporally as shortened subjective duration of social interactions: motion sequences showing agents acting communicatively are perceived to be significantly shorter in duration as compared with those acting noncommunicatively . The strength of this effect is negatively correlated with one's autistic-like tendency . Critically , intranasal oxytocin administration restores the temporal compression effect in socially less proficient individuals , whereas the administration of atosiban , a competitive antagonist of oxytocin , diminishes the effect in socially proficient individuals . These findings indicate that perceived time , rather than being a faithful representation of physical time , is highly idiosyncratic and ingrained one’s personality trait . Moreover , they suggest that oxytocin is involved in mediating time perception of social interaction , further supporting the role of oxytocin in human social cognition . As a joke , Albert Einstein once gave this picture to explain his theory of relativity: “Put my hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . That's relativity . ” This seemingly intuitive picture has no bearing on the structure of space-time , yet nicely illustrates the now established finding that mental time deviates , sometimes significantly , from physical time ( Eagleman , 2008 ) . To date , the deviation between our experienced time
Summarize: Summarize: the interaction between the SARS-CoV-2 virus Spike protein receptor binding domain ( RBD ) and the ACE2 cell surface protein is required for viral infection of cells . Mutations in the RBD are present in SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern that have emerged independently worldwide . For example , the B . 1 . 1 . 7 lineage has a mutation ( N501Y ) in its Spike RBD that enhances binding to ACE2 . There are also ACE2 alleles in humans with mutations in the RBD binding site . Here we perform a detailed affinity and kinetics analysis of the effect of five common RBD mutations ( K417N , K417T , N501Y , E484K , and S477N ) and two common ACE2 mutations ( S19P and K26R ) on the RBD/ACE2 interaction . We analysed the effects of individual RBD mutations and combinations found in new SARS-CoV-2 Alpha ( B . 1 . 1 . 1 . 7 ) , beta ( B . 1 . 351 ) , and Gamma ( P1 ) variants . Most of these mutations increased the affinity of the RBD/ACE2 interaction . The exceptions were mutations K417N/T , which decreased the affinity . Taken together with other studies , our results suggest that the N501Y and S477N mutations enhance transmission primarily by enhancing binding , the K417N/T mutations facilitate immune escape , and the E484K mutation enhances binding and immune escape . Since its identification in 2019 , a
Summarize: Summarize: Gene–gene interactions shape complex phenotypes and modify the effects of mutations during development and disease . The effects of statistical gene–gene interactions on phenotypes have been used to assign genes to functional modules . However , directional , epistatic interactions , which reflect regulatory relationships between genes , have been challenging to map at large-scale . Here , we used combinatorial RNA interference and automated single-cell phenotyping to generate a large genetic interaction map for 21 phenotypic features of Drosophila cells . We devised a method that combines genetic interactions on multiple phenotypes to reveal directional relationships . This network reconstructed the sequence of protein activities in mitosis . Moreover , it revealed that the Ras pathway interacts with the SWI/SNF chromatin-remodelling complex , an interaction that we show is conserved in human cancer cells . Our study presents a powerful approach for reconstructing directional regulatory networks and provides a resource for the interpretation of functional consequences of genetic alterations . Genes display epistatic ( genetic ) interactions , whereby the presence of one genetic variant can mask , alleviate or amplify the phenotypic effect of other variants ( Bateson , 1907 ) . Genetic interactions have profound effects during normal development and in disease ( Moore , 2003; Ashworth et al . , 2011 ) . Two genes show a genetic interaction if the phenotype of allele combinations ( or double perturbations ) is different from the expected combination of the individual phenotypes; this statistical definition of genetic interactions was introduced by Fisher ( 1918 ) . Mathe
Summarize: Summarize: Heterostyly is a wide-spread floral adaptation to promote outbreeding , yet its genetic basis and evolutionary origin remain poorly understood . In Primula ( primroses ) , heterostyly is controlled by the S-locus supergene that determines the reciprocal arrangement of reproductive organs and incompatibility between the two morphs . However , the identities of the component genes remain unknown . Here , we identify the Primula CYP734A50 gene , encoding a putative brassinosteroid-degrading enzyme , as the G locus that determines the style-length dimorphism . CYP734A50 is only present on the short-styled S-morph haplotype , it is specifically expressed in S-morph styles , and its loss or inactivation leads to long styles . The gene arose by a duplication specific to the Primulaceae lineage and shows an accelerated rate of molecular evolution . Thus , our results provide a mechanistic explanation for the Primula style-length dimorphism and begin to shed light on the evolution of the S-locus as a prime model for a complex plant supergene . Heterostyly is a prominent , wide-spread adaptation to promote outbreeding ( Barrett , 2002 , 1992 ) . Individuals of heterostylous species belong to two or three morphs with reciprocal reproductive-organ arrangement and intra-morph incompatibility ( Barrett , 2002 ) . Since Darwin’s seminal book on The different forms of Flowers on plants of the same species ( Darwin 
Summarize: Summarize: Kisspeptin ( Kiss1 ) and neurokinin B ( NKB ) neurocircuits are essential for pubertal development and fertility . Kisspeptin neurons in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus ( Kiss1ARH ) co-express Kiss1 , NKB , dynorphin and glutamate and are postulated to provide an episodic , excitatory drive to gonadotropin-releasing hormone 1 ( GnRH ) neurons , the synaptic mechanisms of which are unknown . We characterized the cellular basis for synchronized Kiss1ARH neuronal activity using optogenetics , whole-cell electrophysiology , molecular pharmacology and single cell RT-PCR in mice . High-frequency photostimulation of Kiss1ARH neurons evoked local release of excitatory ( NKB ) and inhibitory ( dynorphin ) neuropeptides , which were found to synchronize the Kiss1ARH neuronal firing . The light-evoked synchronous activity caused robust excitation of GnRH neurons by a synaptic mechanism that also involved glutamatergic input to preoptic Kiss1 neurons from Kiss1ARH neurons . We propose that Kiss1ARH neurons play a dual role of driving episodic secretion of GnRH through the differential release of peptide and amino acid neurotransmitters to coordinate reproductive function . Pulsatile secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone 1 ( GnRH ) , and consequently pulsatile release of pituitary luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , is required for normal reproductive
Summarize: Summarize: ectoderm ( Mitchell et al . , 1991 ) ( Figure 2C ) . This is consistent with the recent finding that exogenous BMP4 promotes surface ectoderm differentiation when added to explants from the E7 . 0 mouse epiblast ( Li et al . , 2013 ) . We conclude that BMP4 , in the absence of other exogenous signals , imposes a T+ mesoderm-primed posterior positional identity but prevents cells from downregulating Cdh1 . BMP-treated cells are delayed in their differentiation and either persist in a Cdh1+ posterior-epiblast like state or ultimately differentiate into Cdh1+ surface-ectoderm-like cells ( Figure 2E ) . We next asked whether the BMP target gene Id1 mediates the effects of BMP to maintain Cdh1 expression during differentiation of pluripotent cells . We generated ES cells in which a Flag-tagged Id1 transgene is expressed in the presence of doxycyline ( dox ) . We first confirmed that dox-mediated induction of Id1 is able to block neural induction as expected ( Figure 3—figure supplement 1 ) . We next tested the effect of Id1 on EMT markers . Under serum-free monolayer conditions in the absence of exogenous growth factors , Id1 delays the loss of Cdh1 and suppresses the upregulation of EMT markers Cdh2 , Zeb1 and Zeb2 ( Thiery et al . , 2009 ) ( Figure 3A ) .
Summarize: Summarize: The two centrioles of the centrosome in quiescent cells are inherently asymmetric structures that differ in age , morphology and function . How these asymmetric properties are established and maintained during quiescence remains unknown . Here , we show that a daughter centriole-associated ciliopathy protein , Cep120 , plays a critical inhibitory role at daughter centrioles . Depletion of Cep120 in quiescent mouse and human cells causes accumulation of pericentriolar material ( PCM ) components including pericentrin , Cdk5Rap2 , ninein and Cep170 . The elevated PCM levels result in increased microtubule-nucleation activity at the centrosome . Consequently , loss of Cep120 leads to aberrant dynein-dependent trafficking of centrosomal proteins , dispersal of centriolar satellites , and defective ciliary assembly and signaling . Our results indicate that Cep120 helps to maintain centrosome homeostasis by inhibiting untimely maturation of the daughter centriole , and defines a potentially new molecular defect underlying the pathogenesis of ciliopathies such as Jeune Asphyxiating Thoracic Dystrophy and Joubert syndrome . The centrosome is the major microtubule-organizing center ( MTOC ) in animal cells , which helps regulate the assembly of the interphase microtubule array and mitotic spindle . The centrosome in a quiescent cell is composed of a pair of centrioles surrounded by a proteinaceous matrix referred to as pericentriol
Summarize: Summarize: Neuron-glia interactions play a critical role in the maturation of neural circuits; however , little is known about the pathways that mediate their communication in the developing CNS . We investigated neuron-glia signaling in the developing retina , where we demonstrate that retinal waves reliably induce calcium transients in Müller glial cells ( MCs ) . During cholinergic waves , MC calcium transients were blocked by muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonists , whereas during glutamatergic waves , MC calcium transients were inhibited by ionotropic glutamate receptor antagonists , indicating that the responsiveness of MCs changes to match the neurotransmitter used to support retinal waves . Using an optical glutamate sensor we show that the decline in MC calcium transients is caused by a reduction in the amount of glutamate reaching MCs . Together , these studies indicate that neurons and MCs exhibit correlated activity during a critical period of retinal maturation that is enabled by neurotransmitter spillover from retinal synapses . There is rich research history demonstrating the important role glial cells play in developing and maintaining neural circuits ( Garrido , 2013 ) . In the mature brain , glial cells provide structural scaffolding and create physical barriers that compartmentalize synapses and limit diffusion of neurotransmitters . In addition , glial cells express a variety of neurotransmitter receptors . Activation of glial receptors causes increases in intracellular calcium that in turn may lead to the secretion of factors that influence circuit function ( Haydon
Summarize: Summarize: Establishing the time since death is critical in every death investigation , yet existing techniques are susceptible to a range of errors and biases . For example , forensic entomology is widely used to assess the postmortem interval ( PMI ) , but errors can range from days to months . Microbes may provide a novel method for estimating PMI that avoids many of these limitations . Here we show that postmortem microbial community changes are dramatic , measurable , and repeatable in a mouse model system , allowing PMI to be estimated within approximately 3 days over 48 days . Our results provide a detailed understanding of bacterial and microbial eukaryotic ecology within a decomposing corpse system and suggest that microbial community data can be developed into a forensic tool for estimating PMI . Forensic science is concerned with identifying and interpreting physical evidence . Long-standing forms of physical evidence include fingerprints , bloodstains , hairs , fibers , soils , and DNA . However , any object can serve as physical evidence if it provides reliable insight into the activities associated with a death scene or crime . Physical evidence is often of critical importance to a criminal investigation because testimonial evidence , the statements provided by victims , suspects , and witnesses , is frequently incomplete and inaccurate ( Saks and Koehler , 2005 ) . To address these limitations of testimony , an investigator will compare the statements to the interpretation of physical evidence . For example , an investigator will require a suspect to provide an alibi to describe his or her whereabouts during the time period of a crime and compare their statement to mobile phone activity . One of the
Summarize: Summarize: Despite tremendous body form diversity in nature , bilaterian animals share common sets of developmental genes that display conserved expression patterns in the embryo . Among them are the Hox genes , which define different identities along the anterior–posterior axis . Hox proteins exert their function by interaction with TALE transcription factors . Hox and TALE members are also present in some but not all non-bilaterian phyla , raising the question of how Hox–TALE interactions evolved to provide positional information . By using proteins from unicellular and multicellular lineages , we showed that these networks emerged from an ancestral generic motif present in Hox and other related protein families . Interestingly , Hox-TALE networks experienced additional and extensive molecular innovations that were likely crucial for differentiating Hox functions along body plans . Together our results highlight how homeobox gene families evolved during eukaryote evolution to eventually constitute a major patterning system in Eumetazoans . The Sex , hox-TALE networks experienced additional and extensive molecular innovations that were likely crucial for differentiating Hox functions along body plans . Together our results highlight how homeobox gene families evolved during eukaryote evolution to eventually constitute a major patterning system in Eumetazoans . The Universe is fascinating and may be fascinating . Summarize: . Regions encompassing the MEIS-A domain and homeodomain ( HD ) are highlighted in grey and yellow respectively . DOI: http://dx . doi . org/10 . 7554/eLife . 01939 . 00610 . 7554/eLife . 01939 . 007Figure 2—
Summarize: Summarize: Previous studies tracking AMPA receptor ( AMPAR ) diffusion at synapses observed a large mobile extrasynaptic AMPAR pool . Using super-resolution microscopy , we examined how fluorophore size and photostability affected AMPAR trafficking outside of , and within , post-synaptic densities ( PSDs ) from rats . Organic fluorescent dyes ( 4 nm ) , quantum dots , either small ( 10 nm diameter; sQDs ) or big ( >20 nm; bQDs ) , were coupled to AMPARs via different-sized linkers . We find that >90% of AMPARs labeled with fluorescent dyes or sQDs were diffusing in confined nanodomains in PSDs , which were stable for 15 min or longer . Less than 10% of sQD-AMPARs were extrasynaptic and highly mobile . In contrast , 5–10% of bQD-AMPARs were in PSDs and 90–95% were extrasynaptic as previously observed . Contrary to the hypothesis that AMPAR entry is limited by the occupancy of open PSD ‘slots’ , our findings suggest that AMPARs rapidly enter stable ‘nanodomains’ in PSDs with lifetime >15 min , and do not accumulate in extrasynaptic membranes . A major goal of cellular and molecular neuroscience is to characterize how synapses change during synaptic plasticity , the leading cellular correlate of learning and memory ( Volk et al . , 2015; Hug
Summarize: Summarize: The mechanism for the earliest response of central neurons to hypoxia—an increase in voltage-gated sodium current ( INa ) —has been unknown . Here , we show that hypoxia activates the Small Ubiquitin-like Modifier ( SUMO ) pathway in rat cerebellar granule neurons ( CGN ) and that SUMOylation of NaV1 . 2 channels increases INa . The time-course for SUMOylation of single NaV1 . 2 channels at the cell surface and changes in INa coincide , and both are prevented by mutation of NaV1 . 2-Lys38 or application of a deSUMOylating enzyme . Within 40 s , hypoxia-induced linkage of SUMO1 to the channels is complete , shifting the voltage-dependence of channel activation so that depolarizing steps evoke larger sodium currents . Given the recognized role of INa in hypoxic brain damage , the SUMO pathway and NaV1 . 2 are identified as potential targets for neuroprotective interventions . Acute hypoxia contributes to brain damage arising from such common conditions as stroke , heart attack , and head trauma . In humans , decreased cerebral blood flow ( ischemia ) resulting in acute neuronal hypoxia correlates with pathological changes in electroencephalographic recordings and decreased electrical signaling in less than 150 s ( Sundt et al . , 1981 ) . At the cellular level , the first effect of hypoxia is to increase INa ( Boening et al . , 1989; Stys et al . , 1992 ) ; this
Summarize: Summarize: Thermal biology predicts that vector-borne disease transmission peaks at intermediate temperatures and declines at high and low temperatures . However , thermal optima and limits remain unknown for most vector-borne pathogens . We built a mechanistic model for the thermal response of Ross River virus , an important mosquito-borne pathogen in australia , Pacific Islands , and potentially at risk of emerging worldwide . Transmission peaks at moderate temperatures ( 26 . 4°C ) and declines to zero at thermal limits ( 17 . 0 and 31 . 5°C ) . The model accurately predicts that transmission is year-round endemic in the tropics but seasonal in temperate areas , resulting in the nationwide seasonal peak in human cases . Climate warming will likely increase transmission in temperate areas ( where most Australians live ) but decrease transmission in tropical areas where mean temperatures are already near the thermal optimum . These results illustrate the importance of nonlinear models for inferring the role of temperature in disease dynamics and predicting responses to climate change . The natural history of RRV is complex: transmission occurs across a range of climates ( tropical , subtropical , and temperate ) and habitats ( urban and rural , coastal and inland ) and via many vertebrate reservoir and vector species ( Claflin andWebb , 2015 ) . Marsupials are generally considered the critical reservoirs for maintaining the virus between human outbreaks , but recent work has argued that placental mammals and birds may be equally important in many locations ( Stephenson et al . , 2018 ) . The virus has been isolated from over 40 mosquito species in nature , and 10 species transmit it in laboratory studies ( Harley et
Summarize: Summarize: To explore how beta oscillations reflect changes in spiking activity and movement parameters , we trained macaque monkeys to perform a typical center-out arm-reaching task ( CO Task , Figure 1a ) , and a novel sequential beta neurofeedback arm-reaching task ( NR task , Figure 1b ) . Prior to training subjects to perform the NR task , beta frequency band limits used in the neurofeedback portion of the NR task were computed from the CO task . A movement onset-aligned trial-averaged spectrogram from the intracortical recordings in contralateral motor and premotor cortex ( e . g . Monkey C in Figure 1d ) showed that the clearest movement-related desynchronization was in the 25–40 Hz band for all monkeys , consistent with early reports of beta oscillations in the macaque motor cortex ( Baker et al . , 1997; Murthy and Fetz , 1992 ) . Thus , the beta band limits for the neurofeedback epoch of the NR task were set at 25–40 Hz . 10 . 7554/eLife . 24573 . 003Figure 1 .Center-out reaching task and neurofeedback-reaching task . ( a ) Timeline of center-out reaching task ( CO Task ) with variable hold times ( 200–800 ms ) ( b ) Timeline of neurofeedback-reaching task ( NR task ) , where blue text indicates the neurofeedback epoch and green text indicates the reaching epoch . ( c ) The NR task feedback loop
Summarize: Summarize: TRAF2 is a component of TNF superfamily signalling complexes and plays an essential role in the regulation and homeostasis of immune cells . TRAF2 deficient mice die around birth , therefore its role in adult tissues is not well-explored . Furthermore , the role of the TRAF2 RING is controversial . It has been claimed that the atypical TRAF2 RING cannot function as a ubiquitin E3 ligase but counterclaimed that TRAF2 RING requires a co-factor , sphingosine-1-phosphate , that is generated by the enzyme sphingosine kinase 1 , to function as an E3 ligase . Keratinocyte-specific deletion of Traf2 , but not Sphk1 deficiency , disrupted TNF mediated NF-B and MAP kinase signalling and caused epidermal hyperplasia and psoriatic skin inflammation . This inflammation was driven by TNF , cell death , non-canonical NF-B and the adaptive immune system , and might therefore represent a clinically relevant model of psoriasis . TRAF2 therefore has essential tissue specific functions that do not overlap with those of Sphk1 . TNF Receptor Associated Factor 2 ( TRAF2 ) is an adaptor protein that transduces signals following ligation of certain cytokine receptors including those binding TNF . It was first identified together with TRAF1 as a component of TNF receptor-2 and then TNF receptor-1 ( TNFR1 ) signalling complexes ( Rothe 
Summarize: Summarize: The exocytosis of synaptic vesicles ( SVs ) elicited by potent stimulation is rapidly compensated by bulk endocytosis of SV membranes leading to large endocytic vacuoles ( ‘bulk’ endosomes ) . Subsequently , these vacuoles disappear in parallel with the reappearance of new SVs . We have used synapses of dynamin 1 and 3 double knock-out neurons , where clathrin-mediated endocytosis ( CME ) is dramatically impaired , to gain insight into the poorly understood mechanisms underlying this process . Massive formation of bulk endosomes was not defective , but rather enhanced , in the absence of dynamin 1 and 3 . The subsequent conversion of bulk endosomes into SVs was not accompanied by the accumulation of clathrin coated buds on their surface and this process proceeded even after further clathrin knock-down , suggesting its independence of clathrin . These findings support the existence of a pathway for SV reformation that bypasses the requirement for clathrin and dynamin 1/3 and that operates during intense synaptic activity . Synaptic vesicles ( SVs ) are the specialized organelles that store and secrete non-peptide neurotransmitters at synapses . Following exocytosis , their membranes are rapidly recaptured by endocytosis and recycled for the generation of new fusion-competent SVs ( Ceccarelli et al . , 1973; Heuser and Re
Summarize: Summarize: glucocorticoids are among the most commonly prescribed drugs , but there is no biomarker that can quantify their action . The aim of the study was to identify and validate circulating biomarkers of glucocorticoid action . In a randomized , crossover , single-blind , discovery study , 10 subjects with primary adrenal insufficiency ( and no other endocrinopathies ) were admitted at the in-patient clinic and studied during physiological glucocorticoid exposure and withdrawal . A randomization plan before the first intervention was used . Besides mild physical and/or mental fatigue and salt craving , no serious adverse events were observed . The transcriptome in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and adipose tissue , plasma miRNAomic , and serum metabolomics were compared between the interventions using integrated multi-omic analysis . We identified a transcriptomic profile derived from two tissues and a multi-omic cluster , both predictive of glucocorticoid exposure . A microRNA ( miR-122-5p ) that was correlated with genes and metabolites regulated by glucocorticoid exposure was identified ( p=0 . 009 ) and replicated in independent studies with varying glucocorticoid exposure ( 0 . 01 p0 . 05 ) . We have generated results that construct the basis for successful discovery of biomarker ( s ) to measure effects of glucocorticoids , allowing strategies to individualize and optimize glucocorticoid therapy , and shedding light on disease etiology
Summarize: Summarize: Amino acids are essential activators of mTORC1 via a complex containing RAG GTPases , RAGULATOR and the vacuolar ATPase . Sensing of amino acids causes translocation of mTORC1 to lysosomes , an obligate step for activation . To examine the spatial and temporal dynamics of this translocation , we used live imaging of the mTORC1 component RAPTOR and a cell permeant fluorescent analogue of di-leucine methyl ester . Translocation to lysosomes is a transient event , occurring within 2 min of aa addition and peaking within 5 min . It is temporally coupled with fluorescent leucine appearance in lysosomes and is sustained in comparison to aa stimulation . Sestrin2 and the vacuolar ATPase are negative and positive regulators of mTORC1 activity in our experimental system . Of note , phosphorylation of canonical mTORC1 targets is delayed compared to lysosomal translocation suggesting a dynamic and transient passage of mTORC1 from the lysosomal surface before targetting its substrates elsewhere . Mammalian cells maintain elaborate ways to respond to amino acid availability and a prominent sensor is the protein kinase mammalian ( or mechanistic ) target of rapamycin complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) ( Wullschleger et al . , 2006; Laplante and Sabatini , 2009 ) . Under plentiful aa conditions mTORC1 is active
Summarize: Summarize: Antigen uptake by dendritic cells and intracellular routing of antigens to specific compartments is regulated by C-type lectin receptors that recognize glycan structures . We show that the modification of Ovalbumin ( OVA ) with the glycan-structure LewisX ( LeX ) re-directs OVA to the C-type lectin receptor MGL1 . LeX-modification of OVA favored Th1 skewing of CD4+ T cells and enhanced cross-priming of CD8+ T cells . While cross-presentation of native OVA requires high antigen dose and TLR stimuli , LeX modification reduces the required amount 100-fold and obviates its dependence on TLR signaling . The OVA-LeX-induced enhancement of T cell cross-priming is MGL1-dependent as shown by reduced CD8+ effector T cell frequencies in MGL1-deficient mice . Moreover , MGL1-mediated cross-presentation of OVA-LeX neither required TAP-transporters nor Cathepsin-S and was still observed after prolonged intracellular storage of antigen in Rab11+LAMP1+ compartments . We conclude that controlled neo-glycosylation of antigens can crucially influence intracellular routing of antigens , the nature and strength of immune responses and should be considered for optimizing current vaccination strategies . The induction of T cell immunity to viruses or tumors involves the presentation of viral or tumor antigens by antigen-presenting cells ( APC ) in the context of major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) molecules . Loading of exogenously-
Summarize: Summarize: Burkholderia thailandensis uses acyl-homoserine lactone-mediated quorum sensing systems to regulate hundreds of genes . Here we show that cell-cell contact-dependent type VI secretion ( T6S ) toxin-immunity systems are among those activated by quorum sensing in B . thailandensis . We also demonstrate that T6S is required to constrain proliferation of quorum sensing mutants in colony cocultures of a BtaR1 quorum-sensing signal receptor mutant and its parent . However , the BtaR1 mutant is not constrained by and outcompetes its parent in broth coculture , presumably because no cell contact occurs and there is a metabolic cost associated with quorum sensing gene activation . The increased fitness of the wild type over the BtaR1 mutant during agar surface growth is dependent on an intact T6SS-1 apparatus . Thus , quorum sensing activates B . thailandensis T6SS-1 growth inhibition and this control serves to police and constrain quorum-sensing mutants . This work defines a novel role for T6SSs in intraspecies mutant control . Bacterial quorum sensing ( QS ) often controls factors that benefit cells in groups; it controls cooperative activities . A well-studied type of QS common to a number of Proteobacteria species is mediated by acyl-homoserine lactone ( AHL ) signals . AHLs are made by members of the LuxI family of signal synth
Summarize: Summarize: The long-range coupling within prefrontal-hippocampal networks that account for cognitive performance emerges early in life . The discontinuous hippocampal theta bursts have been proposed to drive the generation of neonatal prefrontal oscillations , yet the cellular substrate of these early interactions is still unresolved . Here , we selectively target optogenetic manipulation of glutamatergic projection neurons in the CA1 area of either dorsal or intermediate/ventral hippocampus at neonatal age to elucidate their contribution to the emergence of prefrontal oscillatory entrainment . We show that despite stronger theta and ripples power in dorsal hippocampus , the prefrontal cortex is mainly coupled with intermediate/ventral hippocampus by phase-locking of neuronal firing via dense direct axonal projections . Theta band-confined activation by light of pyramidal neurons in intermediate/ventral but not dorsal CA1 that were transfected by in utero electroporation with high-efficiency channelrhodopsin boosts prefrontal oscillations . Our data causally elucidate the cellular origin of the long-range coupling in the developing brain . In the adult rodent brain , coordinated patterns of oscillatory activity code in a frequency-specific manner for sensory and cognitive performance . For example , learning and memory critically depend on oscillations within theta frequency band ( 4–12 Hz ) that functionally couple the medial prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) and hippocampus ( HP ) ( Siapas and Wilson , 1998;
Summarize: Summarize: To study the importance of non-consensus CTD-K7 residues on cell viability and their potential for post-translational methylation , we generated stable mouse NIH-3T3 cell lines expressing -amanitin-resistant RPB1 bearing CTD-K7 mutations ( Figure 2a ) . In this system , the endogenous -amanitin-sensitive RPB1 is continually depleted and functionally replaced by the resistant variant ( Nguyen et al . , 1996 ) . CTD-K7 residues were mutated into serine ( S7 ) residues to restore the consensus sequence of the CTD heptapeptide . We avoided the more traditional lysine to arginine substitution , as a non-canonical arginine residue is present at the CTD in position 7 of repeat 31 and undergoes methylation in vivo ( Sims et al . , 2011 ) . Therefore , artificial expansion of R7 residues in the CTD could confound our investigation of CTD-K7 methylation . 10 . 7554/eLife . 11215 . 004Figure 2 . Mutation of CTD-K7 to -S7 residues does not interfere with RPB1 stability , phosphorylation or subcellular localization . ( a ) Outline of strategy used to generate mouse cell lines bearing K7-to-S7 mutations and study CTD-K7 methylation . Red bars represent CTD repeats with K7 residues . The nomenclature of the cell lines is indicative of the number
Summarize: Summarize: antibody proved unreliable for detection of phospho-TTP in muscle sections ( not shown ) and thus , we queried SCs in injured muscle for a direct target of p38/ MAPK phosphorylation , MAPKAPK2 ( MK2 ) , which phosphorylates TTP ( Brooks and Blackshear , 2013 ) . 30 min post-injury , 45% of the Syndecan-4+ SCs were phospho-MK2 immunoreactive ( Figure 3A , B ) , while uninjured muscle SCs were phospho-MK2 negative ( Figure 2—figure supplement 1A ) . Consistent with MK2 activation by p38/ MAPK , phospho-MK2 was significantly reduced if mice were pre-treated with an intraperitoneal ( IP ) injection of SB203580 , a p38/ MAPK inhibitor ( Figure 3A , B ) . 10 . 7554/eLife . 03390 . 008Figure 3 . TTP is phosphorylated by p38/ MAPK and regulates MyoD expression in primary SCs . ( A ) TA muscle sections harvested 30 min following BaCl2 injury from either vehicle injected or SB203580 injected mice were stained with anti-Sdc4 antibodies ( green ) and anti-Laminin antibodies ( white ) to identify SCs ( carets ) and anti-phospho-MK2 antibodies ( red; * denotes myonuclei positive for p-MK2 ) . ( B ) Percentage of phospho-MK
Summarize: Summarize: Infants with defects in the interleukin 10 receptor ( IL10R ) develop very early onset inflammatory bowel disease . Whether IL10R regulates lamina propria macrophage function during infant development in mice and whether macrophage-intrinsic IL10R signaling is required to prevent colitis in infancy is unknown . Here we show that although signs of colitis are absent in IL10R-deficient mice during the first two weeks of life , intestinal inflammation and macrophage dysfunction begin during the third week of life , concomitant with weaning and accompanying diversification of the intestinal microbiota . However , IL10R did not directly regulate the microbial ecology during infant development . Interestingly , macrophage depletion with clodronate inhibited the development of colitis , while the absence of IL10R specifically on macrophages sensitized infant mice to the development of colitis . These results indicate that IL10R-mediated regulation of macrophage function during the early postnatal period is indispensable for preventing the development of murine colitis . Inflammatory bowel diseases ( IBD ) including Crohn’s disease ( CD ) and ulcerative colitis ( UC ) are thought to result from the interaction of microbial and environmental factors with a genetically susceptible host . While IBD susceptibility is generally considered to arise from complex genetic risk in adolescent and adult patients , those who develop symptoms during infancy ( age 2 ) , or before 6 years of age ( very early onset IBD , VEOIBD ) , often present with disease refractory to conventional therapies
Summarize: Summarize: piRNAs play a critical role in the regulation of transposons and other germline genes . In Caenorhabditis elegans , regulation of piRNA target genes is mediated by the mutator complex , which synthesizes high levels of siRNAs through the activity of an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase . However , the steps between mRNA recognition by the piRNA pathway and siRNA amplification by the mutator complex are unknown . Here , we identify the Tudor domain protein , SIMR-1 , as acting downstream of piRNA production and upstream of mutator complex-dependent siRNA biogenesis . Interestingly , SIMR-1 also localizes to distinct subcellular foci adjacent to P granules and Mutator foci , two phase-separated condensates that are the sites of piRNA-dependent mRNA recognition and mutator complex-dependent siRNA amplification , respectively . Thus , our data suggests a role for multiple perinuclear condensates in organizing the piRNA pathway and promoting mRNA regulation by the mutator complex . In many eukaryotes , small RNAs , ranging from 18–30 nucleotides in length , regulate cellular mRNAs through sequence complementarity . Argonaute proteins are key mediators of RNA silencing; by binding to small RNAs , which interact with fully or partially complementary mRNAs , the Argonaute proteins can promote transcription repression , translation inhibition , and RNA decay of targeted mRNAs ( Hutvagner and Simard , 2008; Clay
Summarize: Summarize: Purkinje neurons are central to cerebellar function and show membrane bistability when recorded in vitro or in vivo under anesthesia . The existence of bistability in vivo in awake animals is disputed . Here , by recording intracellularly from Purkinje neurons in unanesthetized larval zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) , we unequivocally demonstrate bistability in these neurons . Tonic firing was seen in depolarized regimes and bursting at hyperpolarized membrane potentials . In addition , Purkinje neurons could switch from one state to another spontaneously or with current injection . While GABAAR or NMDAR were not required for bursting , activation of AMPARs by climbing fibers ( CFs ) was sufficient to trigger bursts . Further , by recording Purkinje neuron membrane potential intracellularly , and motor neuron spikes extracellularly , we show that initiation of motor neuron spiking is correlated with increased incidence of CF EPSPs and membrane depolarization . Developmentally , bistability was observed soon after Purkinje neuron specification and persists at least until late larval stages . Cerebellar Purkinje neurons have long fascinated neuroscientists due to their elaborate dendritic arbors ( Ramón y Cajal , 1911 ) , and their high rates of spontaneous activity in vitro ( Llinás and Sugimori , 1980; Raman and Bean , 1999; Han and Bell , 2003 ) and in vivo ( Armstrong et al . , 1979; Kitamura and Häusser , 2011 ) 
Summarize: Summarize: Force generation by actin assembly shapes cellular membranes . An experimentally constrained multiscale model shows that a minimal branched actin network is sufficient to internalize endocytic pits against membrane tension . Around 200 activated Arp2/3 complexes are required for robust internalization . A newly developed molecule-counting method determined that 200 Arp2/3 complexes assemble at sites of clathrin-mediated endocytosis in human cells . Simulations predict that actin self-organizes into a radial branched array with growing ends oriented toward the base of the pit . Long actin filaments bend between attachment sites in the coat and the base of the pit . Elastic energy stored in bent filaments , whose presence was confirmed by cryo-electron tomography , contributes to endocytic internalization . Elevated membrane tension directs more growing filaments toward the base of the pit , increasing actin nucleation and bending for increased force production . Thus , spatially constrained actin filament assembly utilizes an adaptive mechanism enabling endocytosis under varying physical constraints . Cells polymerize actin filaments to produce force and provide mechanical integrity for a variety of cellular processes , from cytokinesis and cell migration , to membrane reshaping and trafficking ( Pollard , 2016 ) . For each cellular process , actin filaments organize into a specific geometry that confers structural integrity and force-generation capacity . Most membrane deformation processes use branched actin networks nucleated by the Arp2/3 complex , a branched actin filament network nucleator
Summarize: Summarize: Macropinocytosis is a fundamental mechanism that allows cells to take up extracellular liquid into large vesicles . It critically depends on the formation of a ring of protrusive actin beneath the plasma membrane , which develops into the macropinocytic cup . We show that macropinocytic cups in Dictyostelium are organised around coincident intense patches of PIP3 , active Ras and active Rac . These signalling patches are invariably associated with a ring of active SCAR/WAVE at their periphery , as are all examined structures based on PIP3 patches , including phagocytic cups and basal waves . patch formation does not depend on the enclosing F-actin ring , and patches become enlarged when the RasGAP NF1 is mutated , showing that Ras plays an instructive role . New macropinocytic cups predominantly form by splitting from existing ones . We propose that cup-shaped plasma membrane structures form from self-organizing patches of active Ras/PIP3 , which recruit a ring of actin nucleators to their periphery . Macropinocytosis provides cells with an efficient way of taking up large volumes of medium into intracellular vesicles , from which they can extract nutrients , antigens and other useful molecules ( Bloomfield and Kay , 2016; Egami et al . , 2014; Maniak , 2001; Swanson , 2008; Swanson and Watts , 1995 ) . It is an ancient process , used for feeding by amoebae ( Hacker
Summarize: Summarize: The cohesin ring holds newly replicated sister chromatids together until their separation at anaphase . Initiation of sister chromatid cohesion depends on a separate complex , Scc2NIPBL/Scc4Mau2 ( Scc2/4 ) , which loads cohesin onto DNA and determines its localization across the genome . Proper cohesin loading is essential for cell division , and partial defects cause chromosome missegregation and aberrant transcriptional regulation , leading to severe developmental defects in multicellular organisms . We present here a crystal structure showing the interaction between Scc2 and Scc4 . Scc4 is a TPR array that envelops an extended Scc2 peptide . Using budding yeast , we demonstrate that a conserved patch on the surface of Scc4 is required to recruit Scc2/4 to centromeres and to build pericentromeric cohesion . These findings reveal the role of Scc4 in determining the localization of cohesin loading and establish a molecular basis for Scc2/4 recruitment to Centromeres . Tight association between sister chromatids is crucial for successful chromosome segregation in eukaryotic cell division . Cohesin , a ring-shaped protein complex that wraps around sister chromatids ( Gruber et al . , 2003; Haering et al . , 2008 ) is the molecular agent of sister chromatid cohesion , which persists from the time of DNA replication until anaphase . A distinct protein complex
Summarize: Summarize: For hibernators , being born late in the active season may have important effects on growth and fattening , hence on winter survival and reproduction . This study investigated differences in growth , fattening , energetic responses , Winter survival and fecundity between early-born ( ‘EB’ ) and late-born ( ‘LB’ ) juvenile garden dormice ( Eliomys quercinus ) . LB juveniles grew and gained mass twice as fast as EB individuals . Torpor use was low during intensive growth , that are , first weeks of body mass gain , but increased during pre-hibernation fattening . LB juveniles showed higher torpor use , reached similar body sizes but lower fat content than EB individuals before hibernation . Finally , LB individuals showed similar patterns of hibernation , but higher proportion of breeders during the following year than EB dormice . These results suggest that torpor is incompatible with growth but promotes fattening and consolidates pre-hibernation fat depots . In garden dormice , being born late in the reproductive season is associated with a fast life history . Because of limited food resources in the environment , organisms have to optimize the allocation of energy to the competing processes of self-maintenance , growth and reproduction to maximize their fitness . In seasonal environments , animals often have to face periods of food shortage and thus trade-offs of energy allocation . In response to these challenges animals may employ diverse strategies to cope with unfavourable conditions . These include migration , energy storage or the use of hypometabolic states . In particular , many small
Summarize: Summarize: ADAR proteins alter gene expression both by catalyzing adenosine ( A ) to inosine ( I ) RNA editing and binding to regulatory elements in target RNAs . Loss of ADARs affects neuronal function in all animals studied to date . Caenorhabditis elegans lacking ADARs exhibit reduced chemotaxis , but the targets responsible for this phenotype remain unknown . To identify critical neural ADAR targets in C . elegans , we performed an unbiased assessment of the effects of ADR-2 , the only A-to-I editing enzyme in C . elegans , on the neural transcriptome . Development and implementation of publicly available software , SAILOR , identified 7361 An-to-I editing events across the neural transcriptome . Intersecting the neural editome with adr-2 associated gene expression changes , revealed an edited mRNA , clec-41 , whose neural expression is dependent on deamination . Restoring clec-41 expression in adr-2 deficient neural cells rescued the chemotaxis defect , providing the first evidence that neuronal phenotypes of ADAR mutants can be caused by altered gene expression . The complexity of post-transcriptional gene regulation has exponentially expanded in recent years as the repertoire of RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ) in an organism as well as their binding sites have been uncovered ( Castello et al . , 2012; Wessels et al . , 2016; Beckmann et al . , 2015; Brannan et al . 
Summarize: Summarize: Host shutoff is a common strategy used by viruses to repress cellular mRNA translation and concomitantly allow the efficient translation of viral mRNAs . Here we use RNA-sequencing and ribosome profiling to explore the mechanisms that are being utilized by the Influenza A virus ( IAV ) to induce host shutoff . We show that viral transcripts are not preferentially translated and instead the decline in cellular protein synthesis is mediated by viral takeover on the mRNA pool . Our measurements also uncover strong variability in the levels of cellular transcripts reduction , revealing that short transcripts are less affected by IAV . Interestingly , these mRNAs that are refractory to IAV infection are enriched in cell maintenance processes such as oxidative phosphorylation . Furthermore , we show that the continuous oxidative phosphorylation activity is important for viral propagation . Our results advance our understanding of IAV-induced shutoff , and suggest a mechanism that facilitates the translation of genes with important housekeeping functions . Influenza A viruses ( IAV ) are included among the Orthomyxoviridae family of negative single-stranded , segmented RNA viruses . These viruses cause an infectious disease that constitutes an important public health problem and remains today an important cause of morbidity and mortality ( Fields , 2007 ) . Like all viruses , IAV is absolutely dependent on the host-cell protein synthesis machinery to produce its proteins . To ensure priority access to host translation machinery , many viruses utilize host shutoff mechanisms that eliminate competition from cellular transcripts ( Walsh et al . , 2012 ) . Host
Summarize: Summarize: Gradients of signaling proteins are essential for inducing tissue morphogenesis . However , mechanisms of gradient formation remain controversial . Here we characterized the distribution of fluorescently-tagged signaling proteins , FGF and FGFR , expressed at physiological levels from the genomic knock-in alleles in Drosophila . FGF produced in the larval wing imaginal-disc moves to the air-sac-primordium ( ASP ) through FGFR-containing cytonemes that extend from the ASP to contact the wing-disc source . The number of FGF-receiving cytonemes extended by ASP cells decreases gradually with increasing distance from the source , generating a recipient-specific FGF gradient .Acting as a morphogen in the ASP , FGF activates concentration-dependent gene expression , inducing pointed-P1 at higher and cut at lower levels . The transcription-factors Pointed-P1 and Cut antagonize each other and differentially regulate formation of FGFR-containing cytonemes , creating regions with higher-to-lower numbers of FGF-receiving cytonemes . These results reveal a robust mechanism where morphogens self-generate precise tissue-specific gradient contours through feedback regulation of cytoneme-mediated dispersion . Diverse tissue shapes and patterns are created by conserved paracrine signaling proteins such as Transforming Growth Factor ( TGF ) , Hedgehog ( Hh ) , Wingless ( Wg/WNT ) , Epidermal Growth factorator ( EGF ) and Fibroblast growth
Summarize: Summarize: Coiled coils are the best-understood protein fold , as their backbone structure can uniquely be described by parametric equations . This level of understanding has allowed their manipulation in unprecedented detail . They do not seem a likely source of surprises , yet we describe here the unexpected formation of a new type of fiber by the simple insertion of two or six residues into the underlying heptad repeat of a parallel , trimeric coiled coil . These insertions strain the supercoil to the breaking point , causing the local formation of short -strands , which move the path of the chain by 120° around the trimer axis . The result is an / coiled coil , which retains only one backbone hydrogen bond per repeat unit from the parent coiled coil . Our results show that a substantially novel backbone structure is possible within the allowed regions of the Ramachandran space with only minor mutations to a known fold . -Helical coiled coils are ubiquitous protein domains , found in a wide range of structural and functional contexts ( Lupas , 1996 ) . They were the first protein fold described in atomic detail ( Crick , 1953b ) and are also the only one whose backbone structure can be computed with parametric equations ( Crick , 1953a ) , placing them at the forefront of protein design efforts ( Huang et al . , 2014; Joh et al . , 2014; Thomson et al . , 2014; Woolfson , 2005 ) . The structure of coiled coils is understood at a level unrivaled by any
Summarize: Summarize: As the germline deletion of even only two Epn genes results in embryonic lethality , a conditional approach was used to generate Epn1 , Epn2 , and Epn3 triple KO cells . Towards this goal , Epn1loxP/loxP ( Figure 1—figure supplement 1A , see also [Pasula et al . , 2012] ) mice were crossed with Azn2 ( Chen et al . , 2009 ) and Epn3 KO ( Ko et al . , 2010 ) mice to generate Epn1loxP/loxP; Epn2/; Epn3/ animals , which were viable and fertile with no obvious pathological phenotypes . These mice were subsequently interbred with mice transgenic for 4-hydroxy-tamoxifen ( OHT ) -inducible Cre recombinase [Cre-ER , Badea et al . , 2003] to obtain Epn1loxP/loxP; Epn2/; Epn3/; Cre-ER+/0 animals . These mice did not exhibit obvious defects either . Conditional epsin TKO mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) were derived from these animals via treatment with OHT , whose action was confirmed by the translocation of Cre into the nucleus ( Figure 1—figure supplement 1B ) , and typically examined after 7 days of OHT treatment ( after 9 days of treatment cell death started to occur ) . Treated MEFs derived from the same litters but harboring a wild-type ( WT ) e
Summarize: Summarize: DATA on asthma aetiology in Africa are scarce . We investigated the risk factors for asthma among schoolchildren ( 5–17 years ) in urban Uganda . We conducted a case-control study , among 555 cases and 1115 controls . Asthma was diagnosed by study clinicians . The main risk factors for asthma were tertiary education for fathers ( adjusted OR ( 95% CI ) ; 2 . 32 ( 1 . 71–3 . 16 ) ) and mothers ( 1 . 85 ( 1 . 38–2 . 48 ) ) ; area of residence at birth , children born in a small town or in the city having an increased asthma risk compared to schoolchildren born in rural areas ( 2 . 16 ( 1 . 60–2 . 92 ) ) and ( 2 . 79 ( 1 . 79–4 . 35 ) , respectively; father’s and mother’s history of asthma; children’s own allergic conditions; atopy; and cooking on gas/electricity . In conclusion , asthma was associated with a strong rural-town-city risk gradient , higher parental socio-economic status and urbanicity . This work provides the basis for future studies to identify specific environmental/lifestyle factors responsible for increasing asthma risk among children in urban areas in LMICs . Asthma is estimated to affect more than 235 million people globally , and is the most common non-communicable condition among children ( World health Organisation , 2017 ) . InAfrica , the prevalence of asthma appears to be increasing ( Asher et al . , 2006; Addo-Yobo et
Summarize: Summarize: Interactions between all three pigment cell types are required to form the stripe pattern of adult zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) , but their molecular nature is poorly understood . Mutations in leopard ( leo ) , encoding Connexin 41 . 8 ( Cx41 . 8 ) , a gap junction subunit , cause a phenotypic series of spotted patterns . A new dominant allele , leotK3 , leads to a complete loss of the pattern , suggesting a dominant negative impact on another component of gap junctions . In a genetic screen , we identified this component as Cx39 . 4 ( luchs ) . Loss-of-function alleles demonstrate that luchs is required for stripe formation in zebrafish; however , the fins are almost not affected . Double mutants and chimeras , which show that leo and luchs are only required in xanthophores and melanophores , but not in iridophores , suggest that both connexins form heteromeric gap junctions . The phenotypes indicate that these promote homotypic interactions between melanophores and xanthophores , respectively , and those cells instruct the patterning of the iridophores . Summarize: In a number of experiments designed to find mutants with adult phenotypes , we identified four additional alleles of leo . All of them are dominant . Three of our new alleles result in a phenotypic series of patterns from undulating stripes to breaking
Summarize: Summarize: The olfactory sense detects a plethora of behaviorally relevant odor molecules; gene families involved in olfaction exhibit high diversity in different animal phyla . Insects detect volatile molecules using olfactory ( OR ) or ionotropic receptors ( IR ) and in some cases gustatory receptors ( GRs ) . While IRs are expressed in olfactory organs across Protostomia , ORs have been hypothesized to be an adaptation to a terrestrial insect lifestyle . We investigated the olfactory system of the primary wingless bristletail Lepismachilis y-signata ( Archaeognatha ) , the firebrat Thermobia domestica ( Zygentoma ) and the neopteran leaf insect Phyllium siccifolium ( Phasmatodea ) . ORs and the olfactory coreceptor ( Orco ) are very high probability lacking in Lepismachilis; in Thermobia we have identified Orco candidates , and in Phyllium a fully developed OR/Orco-based system . We suggest that ORs did not arise as an adaptation to a terrestrial lifestyle , but evolved later in insect evolution , Orco being present before the appearance of ORs . All living organisms , including bacteria , protozoans , fungi , plants , and animals , detect chemicals in their environment . The sensitivity and chemical range of animal olfactory systems is remarkable , enabling animals to detect and discriminate between thousands of different 
Summarize: Summarize: The global malaria burden has decreased over the last decade and many nations are attempting elimination . Asymptomatic malaria infections are not normally diagnosed or treated , posing a major hurdle for elimination efforts . One solution to this problem is mass drug administration ( MDA ) , with success depending on adequate population participation . Here , we present a detailed spatial and temporal analysis of malaria episodes and asymptomatic infections in four villages undergoing MDA in Myanmar . In this study , individuals from neighborhoods with low MDA adherence had 2 . 85 times the odds of having a malaria episode post-MDA in comparison to those from high adherence neighborhoods , regardless of individual participation , suggesting a herd effect . High mosquito biting rates , living in a house with someone else with malaria , or having an asymptomatic malaria infection were also predictors of clinical episodes . Spatial clustering of non-adherence to MDA , even in villages with high overall participation , may frustrate elimination efforts . Mass drug administration ( MDA ) is the provision of medications to entire target populations and the approach has been used for many infectious diseases , including lymphatic filariasis , soil-transmitted helminths , onchocerciasis , schistosomiasis , and trachoma ( Keenan et al . , 2013 ) . MDA has historically been used for P . falciparum malaria ( Poirot et al . , 2013 ) and has recently been trialed in several locations in Africa ( Gitaka et al . , 2017; Mwesigwa et al . , 2018; Sheka
Summarize: Summarize: A collection of cDNAs of DNA binding domains ( DBDs ) and full-length Drosophila TFs were compiled based on annotations in FlyTF . org ( Pfreundt et al . , 2010 ) and Hens et al . ( 2011 ) , respectively . A total of 760 DBDs and 633 full length fruit fly TF constructs were expressed in E . coli as N-terminal thioredoxin-HIS tag fusion proteins , and subjected to the HT-SELEX process ( Figure 1; Supplementary file 1A–C; see ‘Materials and methods’ for details ) . Together , the clone collections covered 271/294 ( 92% ) and 612/754 ( 81% ) of ‘trusted TFs’ and ‘putative TFs’ in FlyTF . org ( Pfreundt et al . , 2010 ) . Briefly , the expressed proteins were purified , incubated with a selection ligand library containing 20 or 40 base pair random DNA sequences , and immobilized to nickel agarose beads . Co-bound ligands were then separated from free ligands , PCR amplified , and the process repeated 3–6 times . Initial selection ligand libraries , and libraries obtained after each selection cycle were sequenced using a massively parallel sequencer ( HT-SELEX; Jolma et al . , 2010 , 2013 ) . 10 . 7554/eLife . 04837 
Summarize: Summarize: The extensive crosstalk between the developing heart and lung is critical to their proper morphogenesis and maturation . However , there remains a lack of models that investigate the critical cardio-pulmonary mutual interaction during human embryogenesis . Here , we reported a novel stepwise strategy for directing the simultaneous induction of both mesoderm-derived cardiac and endoderm-derived lung epithelial lineages within a single differentiation of human-induced pluripotent stem cells ( hiPSCs ) via temporal specific tuning of WNT and nodal signaling in the absence of exogenous growth factors . Using 3D suspension culture , we established concentric cardio-pulmonary micro-Tissues ( Ts ) , and expedited alveolar maturation in the presence of cardiac accompaniment . Upon withdrawal of WNT agonist , the cardiac and pulmonary components within each dual-lineage T effectively segregated from each other with concurrent initiation of cardiac contraction . We expect that our multilineage differentiation model will offer an experimentally tractable system for investigating human cardio-pulmonary interaction and tissue boundary formation during embryogenesis . Human embryogenesis is a highly orchestrated process that requires delicate coordination between organs that originate from different germ layers . As the two main organs within the chest cavity , the mesoderm-derived heart and endoderm-derived lung partake in have extensive mutual interaction that are essential for their proper morphogenesis ( Peng et al . , 2013; Hoffmann et al . , 2009; Arora et al . , 2012; Steimle , 2018 ) . During mouse embryonic development , WNT derived from the second heart field induces specification of
Summarize: Summarize: While specific mutations allow organisms to adapt to stressful environments , most changes in an organism's DNA negatively impact fitness . The mutation rate is therefore strictly regulated and often considered a slowly-evolving parameter . In contrast , we demonstrate an unexpected flexibility in cellular mutation rates as a response to changes in selective pressure . We show that hypermutation independently evolves when different Escherichia coli cultures adapt to high ethanol stress . Furthermore , hypermutator states are transitory and repeatedly alternate with decreases in mutation rate . Specifically , population mutation rates rise when cells experience higher stress and decline again once cells are adapted . Interestingly , we identified cellular mortality as the major force driving the quick evolution of mutation rates . Together , these findings show how organisms balance robustness and evolvability and help explain the prevalence of hypermutation in various settings , ranging from emergence of antibiotic resistance in microbes to cancer relapses upon chemotherapy . Theory predicts that the optimal mutation rate depends on several different factors , including genome size and effective population size . For example , unicellular organisms , such as viruses and bacteria , exhibit per-base mutation rates that are inversely correlated with their population and genome sizes , whereas multicellular organisms with much larger genomes and smaller effective population sizes may have higher per-base mutation rates ( Lynch , 2010; Lynch et al . , 2016 ) . While mutations are necessary to adapt to new and stressful environments ( Barrick and Lenski , 2013; Wiser et al . , 2013 ) , random changes in an organism’s DNA are rarely beneficial , but more often neutral or slightly deleterious (
Summarize: Summarize: Metabolic adjustment to changing environmental conditions , particularly balancing of growth and defense responses , is crucial for all organisms to survive . The evolutionary conserved AMPK/Snf1/SnRK1 kinases are well-known metabolic master regulators in the low-energy response in animals , yeast and plants . They act at two different levels: by modulating the activity of key metabolic enzymes , and by massive transcriptional reprogramming . While the first part is well established , the latter function is only partially understood in animals and not at all in plants . Here we identified the Arabidopsis transcription factor bZIP63 as key regulator of the starvation response and direct target of the SnRK1 kinase . Phosphorylation of bZIP63 by SnRK1 changed its dimerization preference , thereby affecting target gene expression and ultimately primary metabolism . A bzip63 knock-out mutant exhibited starvation-related phenotypes , which could be functionally complemented by wild type bZIP63 , but not by a version harboring point mutations in the identified SnRK1 target sites . Flexibility in the regulation of gene expression is crucial for all organisms to adjust their metabolism to changing growth conditions . Particularly under stress , available energy resources need to be balanced between defense and growth . The SUCROSE NON-FERMENTING RElaTED KINASE 1 ( SnRK1 ) in plants and its orthologs , the sucrose-non-fermenting 1 ( Snf1 ) kinase in yeast and the AMP-dependent protein kinas
Summarize: Summarize: Synapses and nuclei are connected by bidirectional communication mechanisms that enable information transfer encoded by macromolecules . Here , we identified RNF10 as a novel synaptonuclear protein messenger . RNF10 is activated by calcium signals at the postsynaptic compartment and elicits discrete changes at the transcriptional level . RNF10 is enriched at the excitatory synapse where it associates with the GluN2A subunit of NMDA receptors ( NMDARs ) . Activation of synaptic GluN2A-containing NMDARs and induction of long term potentiation ( LTP ) lead to the translocation of RNF10 from dendritic segments and dendritic spines to the nucleus . In particular , we provide evidence for importin-dependent long-distance transport from synapto-dendritic compartments to the nucleus . Notably , RNF10 silencing prevents the maintenance of LTP as well as LTP-dependent structural modifications of dendritic spines . Understanding how local synaptic events are translated into changes in gene expression is a crucial question in neuroscience . Synapses and nuclei are efficiently connected by bidirectional communication routes that enable transfer of information ( Fainzilber et al . , 2011; Panayotis et al . , 2015 ) and regulate the transcription of genes associated with long-term structural changes of neuronal excitability ( Karpova et al . , 2012 ) . NMDAR activation plays a key role in this regard ( Hardingham
Summarize: Summarize: Swi2/Snf2 ATPases remodel substrates such as nucleosomes and transcription complexes to control a wide range of DNA-associated processes , but detailed structural information on the ATP-dependent remodeling reactions is largely absent . The single subunit remodeler Mot1 ( modifier of transcription 1 ) dissociates TATA box-binding protein ( TBP ) :DNA complexes , offering a useful system to address the structural mechanisms of Swi2/Snf2 ATPases . Here , we report the crystal structure of the N-terminal domain of Mot1 in complex with TBP , DNA , and the transcription regulator negative cofactor 2 ( NC2 ) . Our data show that MOt1 reduces DNA:NC2 interactions and unbends DNA as compared to the TBP:DNA:NC2 state , suggesting that Mot1 primes TBP:NC2 displacement in an ATP-independent manner . Electron microscopy and cross-linking data suggest that the Swi2/Snf2 domain of Mot1 associates with the upstream DNA and the histone fold of NC2 , thereby revealing parallels to some nucleosome remodelers . This study provides a structural framework for how a Swi2/Snf2 ATPase interacts with its substrate DNA:protein complex . Swi2/Snf2 ( switch/sucrose non-fermenting 2 ) ATPases form a large and diverse class of proteins and multiprotein assemblies within the SF2 superfamily of helicases/translocases ( Flaus et al . , 2006 ) . Swi
Summarize: Summarize: Cyclic peptide natural products have evolved to exploit diverse protein targets , many of which control essential cellular processes . Inspired by a series of cyclic peptides with partially elucidated structures , we designed synthetic variants of ternatin , a cytotoxic and anti-adipogenic natural product whose molecular mode of action was unknown . The new ternatin variants are cytotoxic toward cancer cells , up to 500-fold greater potency than ternatin itself . Using a ternatin photo-affinity probe , we identify the translation elongation factor-1A ternary complex ( eEF1AGTPaminoacyl-tRNA ) as a specific target and demonstrate competitive binding by the unrelated natural products , didemnin and cytotrienin . Mutations in domain III of eEF1A prevent ternatin binding and confer resistance to its cytotoxic effects , implicating the adjacent hydrophobic surface as a functional hot spot for eEF1A modulation . We conclude that the eukaryotic elongation factor-1A and its ternary complex with GTP and aminoacyl-tRNA are common targets for the evolution of cytotoxic Natural products . Macrocyclic natural products are a rich source of biologically active compounds , and identification of their targets can open up new opportunities for therapeutic intervention ( Driggers et al . , 2008; Villar et al . , 2014 ) . Cyclic peptide natural products , especially those containing one or more N-methyl ( or N-alkyl ) amino acids , comprise
Summarize: Summarize: Mutations in the inositol 5-phosphatase OCRL cause Lowe syndrome and Dent's disease . Although OCRL , a direct clathrin interactor , is recruited to late-stage clathrin-coated pits , clinical manifestations have been primarily attributed to intracellular sorting defects . Here we show that OCRL loss in Lowe syndrome patient fibroblasts impacts clathrin-mediated endocytosis and results in an endocytic defect . These cells exhibit an accumulation of clathrin-coated vesicles and an increase in U-shaped clathrin-coated pits , which may result from sequestration of coat components on uncoated vesicles . Endocytic vesicles that fail to lose their coat nucleate the majority of the numerous actin comets present in patient cells . SNX9 , an adaptor that couples late-stage endocytic coated pits to actin polymerization and which we found to bind OCRL directly , remains associated with such vesicles . These results indicate that OCRL acts as an uncoating factor and that defects in clathrin-mediated endocytosis likely contribute to pathology in patients with OCRL mutations . Reversible phosphorylation of the inositol ring of phosphatidylinositol at the 3 , 4 and 5 position generates seven phosphoinositide species , which play critical regulatory roles in cell physiology via their property to control interactions at the cytosolic surface
Summarize: Summarize: Aberrant activation of Wnt/-catenin signaling plays an unequivocal role in colorectal cancer , but identification of effective Wnt inhibitors for use in cancer remains a tremendous challenge . New insights into the regulation of this pathway could reveal new therapeutic point of intervention , therefore are greatly needed . Here we report a novel FAK/PYK2/GSK3Y216/-catenin regulation axis: FAK and PYK2 , elevated in adenomas in APCmin/+ mice and in human colorectal cancer tissues , functioned redundantly to promote the Wnt/-catenin pathway by phosphorylating GSK3Y216 to reinforce pathway output—-catenin accumulation and intestinal tumorigenesis . We previously showed that Wnt-induced -catenin accumulation requires Wnt-induced GSK3/-TrCP interaction; the current study revealed that phosphorylation of GSK3Y216 was a molecular determinant of GSK3 recruitment of -TrCP . Pharmacological inhibition of FAK/PYK2 suppressed adenoma formation in APCmin/+ mice accompanied with reduced intestinal levels of phospho-GSK3Y216 and -catenin , indicating that FAK/PYK2/GSK3Y216 axis is critical for the activation of Wnt/-catenin signaling in APC driven intestinal tumorigenesis . Aberrant activation of the canonical Wnt ( Wnt/-catenin ) pathway is crucial for many cancer types , especially those of the gastrointestinal tract: genetic alterations in Wn
Summarize: Summarize: The neural control of transition between posture and movement encompasses the regulation of reflex-stabilizing mechanisms to enable motion . Optimal feedback theory suggests that such transitions require the disengagement of one motor control policy before the implementation of another . To test this possibility , we investigated the continuity of the vestibular control of balance during transitions between quiet Standing and locomotion and between two Standing postures . Healthy subjects initiated and terminated locomotion or shifted the distribution of their weight between their feet , while exposed to electrical vestibular stimuli ( EVS ) . The relationship between EVS and ground reaction forces was quantified using time-frequency analyses . Discontinuities corresponding to null coherence periods were observed preceding the onset of movement initiation and during the step preceding locomotion termination . These results show humans interrupt the vestibular balance stabilizing mechanisms to transition between motor states , suggesting a discrete change between motor control policies , as predicted by optimal feedback theory . The initiation of movement from a stable posture is a central issue in neuroscience because of the need to overcome reflex-stabilizing mechanisms to enable motion ( von Holst and Mittelstaedt , 1950 ) . Navigating our world involves frequent transitions between posture ( e . g . quiet stance ) and movement ( e . g . locomotion ) , representing an ideal model to explore this issue . Indeed , balance correcting responses may hinder locomotor initiation and the transitions that are essential to safely navigate our environment ( Ostry and Feldman , 2003 ) . Optimizationmal feedback control theory ( OFC ) ( Todorov and Jordan , 2002; Scott , 2004 ) 
Summarize: Summarize: The transcription factor RpaA is the master regulator of circadian transcription in cyanobacteria , driving genome-wide oscillations in mRNA abundance . Deletion of rpaA has no effect on viability in constant light conditions , but renders cells inviable in cycling conditions when light and dark periods alternate . We investigated the mechanisms underlying this viability defect , and demonstrate that the rpaA- strain cannot maintain appropriate energy status at night , does not accumulate carbon reserves during the day , and is defective in transcription of genes crucial for utilization of carbohydrate stores at night . Reconstruction of carbon utilization pathways combined with provision of an external carbon source restores energy charge and viability of the rpaA- strain in light/dark cycling conditions . Our observations highlight how a circadian output pathway controls and temporally coordinates essential pathways in carbon metabolism to maximize fitness of cells facing periodic energy limitations . Organisms across kingdoms of life have evolved circadian clocks to temporally align biological activities with the diurnal changes in the environment . In the cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus PCC7942 , the core circadian oscillator is comprised of the KaiA , KaiB and KaiC proteins ( Nishiwaki et al . , 2007; Rust et al . , 2007 ) that generate oscillations in the phosphorylation state of KaiC . Time information encoded in the phosphorylation state of KaiC is transmitted to the transcription factor RpaA ( Takai et al . , 2006; Taniguchi et al . , 2010; Mark
Summarize: Summarize: Transition metals , such as zinc , are essential micronutrients in all organisms , but also highly toxic in excessive amounts . Heavy-metal transporting P-type ( PIB ) ATPases are crucial for homeostasis , conferring cellular detoxification and redistribution through transport of these ions across cellular membranes . No structural information is available for the PIB-4-ATPases , the subclass with the broadest cargo scope , and hence even their topology remains elusive . Here , we present structures and complementary functional analyses of an archetypal PIB-4-ATPase , sCoaT from Sulfitobacter sp . NAS14-1 . The data disclose the architecture , devoid of classical so-called heavy-metal-binding domains ( HMBDs ) , and provide fundamentally new insights into the mechanism and diversity of heavy-metal transporters . We reveal several novel P-type ATPase features , including a dual role in heavy-metal release and as an internal counter ion of an invariant histidine . We also establish that the turnover of PIB-ATPases is potassium independent , contrasting to many other P-type ATPases . Combined with new inhibitory compounds , our results open up for efforts in for example drug discovery , since PIB-4-ATPases function as virulence factors in many pathogens . The ability to adapt to environmental changes in heavy-metal levels is paramount for all cells , as these elements are essential for a range of cellular processes and yet toxic at elevated concentrations ( Wal
Summarize: Summarize: In mammals , numerous autosomal genes are subject to mitotically stable monoallelic expression ( MAE ) , including genes that play critical roles in a variety of human diseases . Due to challenges posed by the clonal nature of MAE , very little is known about its regulation; in particular , no molecular features have been specifically linked to MAE . In this study , we report an approach that distinguishes MAE genes in human cells with great accuracy: a chromatin signature consisting of chromatin marks associated with active transcription ( H3K36me3 ) and silencing ( H3K27me3 ) simultaneously occurring in the gene body . The MAE signature is present in 20% of ubiquitously expressed genes and over 30% of tissue-specific genes across cell types . Notably , it is enriched among key developmental genes that have bivalent chromatin structure in pluripotent cells . Our results open a new approach to the study of MAE that is independent of polymorphisms , and suggest that MAE is linked to cell differentiation . A variety of genetic and epigenetic factors affect the relative expression levels of the two copies of each given gene in diploid cells . In addition to cis- and trans-regulatory variation ( Gilad et al . , 2008 ) , there are at least three major kinds of non-Mendelian phenomena that control allele-specific expression in mammals . One is the X chromosome inactivation ( Lyon , 1961 ) : in female embryos , around the time of implantation , about half of the cells choose to inactivate the maternal X , and the rest inactivate the pa
Summarize: Summarize: Ring-forming AAA+ chaperones exert ATP-fueled substrate unfolding by threading through a central pore . This activity is potentially harmful requiring mechanisms for tight repression and substrate-specific activation . The AAA+ chaperone ClpC with the peptidase ClpP forms a bacterial protease essential to virulence and stress resistance . The adaptor MecA activates ClpC by targeting substrates and stimulating ClpC ATPase activity . We show how ClpC is repressed in its ground state by determining ClpC cryo-EM structures with and without MEcA . ClpC forms large two-helical assemblies that associate via head-to-head contacts between coiled-coil middle domains ( MDs ) . MecA converts this resting state to an active planar ring structure by binding to MD interaction sites . Loss of ClpC repression in MD mutants causes constitutive activation and severe cellular toxicity . These findings unravel an unexpected regulatory concept executed by coiled-coil MDs to tightly control AAA+ chaperone activity . AAA+ ( ATPase associated with a variety of cellular activities ) proteins control a multitude of essential cellular activities by converting the energy derived from ATP hydrolysis into a mechanical force to remodel bound substrates ( Hanson and Whiteheart , 2005 ) . They are key players in protein quality control by targeting misfolded and aggregated proteins to degrading and refolding pathways . ClpB/Hsp104 reactivates aggregated proteins in concert with a cognate Hsp70 system ( Doyle
Summarize: Summarize: How stem cells specified during development keep their non-differentiated quiescent state , and how they are reactivated , remain poorly understood . Here , we applied a Drosophila model to follow in vivo behavior of adult muscle precursors ( AMPs ) , the transient fruit fly muscle stem cells . We report that emerging AMPs send out thin filopodia that make contact with neighboring muscles . AMPs keep their filopodia-based association with muscles throughout their dormant state but also when they start to proliferate , suggesting that muscles could play a role in AMP reactivation . Indeed , our genetic analyses indicate that muscles send inductive dIlp6 signals that switch the Insulin pathway ON in closely associated AMPs . This leads to the activation of Notch , which regulates AMP proliferation via dMyc . Altogether , we report that Drosophila AMPs display homing behavior to muscle niche and that the niche-driven Insulin-Notch-dMyc cascade plays a key role in setting the activated state of AMPs . Stem cells exhibit a remarkable capacity to keep a quiescent undifferentiated state , and then , once activated , contribute to developmental growth or damage tissue regeneration . Over the years , lineage tracing and serial transplantation assays have confirmed the presence of stem cell populations in many tissues in both invertebrate and vertebrate organisms ( for reviews , see [Voog and Jones , 2010; Simons and Clevers , 2011; Jiang and Edgar , 2012] ) . These populations include multipotent cells ,
Summarize: Summarize: Certain neuron types fire spontaneously at high rates , an ability that is crucial for their function in brain circuits . The spontaneously active GABAergic neurons of the substantia nigra pars reticulata ( SNr ) , a major output of the basal ganglia , provide tonic inhibition of downstream brain areas . A depolarizing 'leak' current supports this firing pattern , but its molecular basis remains poorly understood . To understand how SNr neurons maintain tonic activity , we used single-cell RNA sequencing to determine the transcriptome of individual mouse SNr neurons . We discovered that SNr neurons express the sodium leak channel , NALCN , and that SNr neurons lacking NALCN have impaired spontaneous firing . In addition , NALCN is involved in the modulation of excitability by changes in glycolysis and by activation of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors . Our findings suggest that disruption of NALCN could impair the basal ganglia circuit , which may underlie the severe motor deficits in humans carrying mutations in NALCN .Some neurons are capable of continuously firing action potentials in the complete absence of synaptic input ( Häusser et al . , 2004 ) . This spontaneous activity is established by the intrinsic membrane properties that set the neuronal membrane potential and support repeated firing of action potentials ( Bean , 2007 ) . Electrophysiological studies of spontaneously active neurons have frequently reported the presence of a tonic current that maintains these neurons at a more depolarized membrane potential and likely allows them to continuously fire action potentials ( Atherton and Be
Summarize: Summarize: Antibiotics from few culturable microorganisms have saved millions of lives since the 20th century . But with resistance formation , these compounds become increasingly ineffective , while the majority of microbial and with that chemical compound diversity remains inaccessible for cultivation and exploration . Culturing recalcitrant bacteria is a stochastic process . But conventional methods are limited to low throughput . By increasing ( i ) throughput and ( ii ) sensitivity by miniaturization , we innovate microbiological cultivation to comply with biological stochasticity . Here , we introduce a droplet-based microscale cultivation system , which is directly coupled to a high-throughput screening for antimicrobial activity prior to strain isolation . We demonstrate that highly parallelized in-droplet cultivation starting from single cells results in the cultivation of yet uncultured species and a significantly higher bacterial diversity than standard agar plate cultivation . Strains able to inhibit intact reporter strains were isolated from the system . A variety of antimicrobial compounds were detected for a selected potent antibiotic producer . The microbial diversity in environmental habitats provides a rich resource for medically relevant substances ( Moloney , 2016 ) , and fortunately , it is far from being exhaustively mapped ( Lloyd et al . , 2018 ) . Only 1–15% of the bacterial diversity are cultivable under standard laboratory conditions ( Lok , 2015 ) , which promises further revolutionizing compounds to be discovered in the remaining unexplored majority . The question is: How can we unlock the hidden biosynthetic potential of so far uncultured microbes ? Initial continuous propagation of cultures is
Summarize: Summarize: Tuberculous meningitis has high mortality , linked to excessive inflammation . However , adjunctive anti-inflammatory corticosteroids reduce mortality by only 30% , suggesting that inflammatory pathophysiology causes only a subset of deaths . In Vietnam , the survival benefit of anti-inflammatory corticosteroids was most pronounced in patients with a C/T promoter variant in the leukotriene A4 hydrolase ( LTA4H ) gene encoding an enzyme that regulates inflammatory eicosanoids . LTA4H TT patients with increased expression had increased survival , consistent with corticosteroids benefiting individuals with hyper-inflammatory responses . However , an Indonesia study did not find an LTA4H TT genotype survival benefit . Here using bayesian methods to analyse both studies , we find that LTA4H TT genotype confers survival benefit that begins early and continues long-term in both populations . This benefit is nullified in the most severe cases with high early mortality . LTA4H genotyping together with disease severity assessment may target glucocorticoid therapy to patients most likely to benefit from it . Tuberculous meningitis ( TBM ) is the most severe form of tuberculosis . Despite effective antimicrobial therapy , it results in 20–25% mortality in HIV-negative individuals and 40% mortality in HIV-positive individuals ( Stadelman et al . , 2020; Thwaites et al . , 2013 ) . A long-standing hypothesis that an excessive intracerebral inflammatory response underlies TBM mortality ( Shane and Riley , 1953 ) led
Summarize: Summarize: To assess a role for shootin1a in axon guidance , we first analyzed its localization in the developing mouse brain . Consistent with a previous report ( Toriyama et al . , 2006 ) , immunoblot analyses detected a low level of shootin1a in embryonic day ( E ) 13 . 5 mouse brains ( Figure 1—figure supplement 1A ) . The expression increased remarkably between E13 . 5 and E16 . 5 , remained high through postnatal days ( P ) 0–12 , and then decreased to a low level in the adult . Immunohistochemical analyses with shootin1a-specific antibody detected shootin1a localization widely in P0 brain , with high levels of immunolabeling in the axonal tracts , such as the corpus callosum , anterior commissure , hippocampal commissure , fornix , fimbria and middle cerebellar peduncle ( Figure 1A and Figure 1—figure supplement 1B ) . We also detected high levels of shootin1a immunoreactivity that colocalized extensively with that of the axonal marker L1-CAM ( Chung et al . , 1991; Klingler et al . , 2015 ) in the corpus callosum and anterior commissure at E16 . 5 ( Figure 1B ) . However , we could not detect shootin1a immunoreactivity in the ventral commissure of the spinal cord at E12 ( arrow , Figure 1—figure supplement 2A ) when high levels of both netrin-1 and D
Summarize: Summarize: How hummingbirds hum is not fully understood , but its biophysical origin is encoded in the acoustic nearfield . Hence , we studied six freely hovering Anna’s hummingbirds , performing acoustic nearfield holography using a 2176 microphone array in vivo , while also directly measuring the 3D aerodynamic forces using a new aerodynamic force platform . We corroborate the acoustic measurements by developing an idealized acoustic model that integrates the aerodynamic forces with wing kinematics , which shows how the timbre of the hummingbird’s hum arises from the oscillating lift and drag forces on each wing . Comparing birds and insects , we find that the characteristic humming timbre and radiated power of their flapping wings originates from the higher harmonics in the aerodynamic forces that support their bodyweight . Our model analysis across insects and birds shows that allometric deviation makes larger birds quieter and elongated flies louder , while also clarifying complex bioacoustic behavior . Birds , bats , and insects flap their wings to generate unsteady aerodynamic forces that lift their body into the air , which enables them to fly . When their flapping wings move through air , they create unsteady pressure fluctuations that radiate outward at the speed of sound . In addition to furnishing flight , pressure waves serve various acoustic communication functions during behavioral displays . Male Drosophila use aerodynamically functional wings to create humming songs near their flapping frequency to increase female receptivity to mating ( von Schilcher
Summarize: Summarize: The roles of chance , contingency , and necessity in evolution are unresolved because they have never been assessed in a single system or on timescales relevant to historical evolution . We combined ancestral protein reconstruction and a new continuous evolution technology to mutate and select proteins in the B-cell lymphoma-2 ( BCL-2 ) family to acquire protein–protein interaction specificities that occurred during animal evolution . By replicating evolutionary trajectories from multiple ancestral proteins , we found that contingency generated over long historical timescales steadily erased necessity and overwhelmed chance as the primary cause of acquired sequence variation; trajectories launched from phylogenetically distant proteins yielded virtually no common mutations , even under strong and identical selection pressures . Chance arose because many sets of mutations could alter specificity at any timepoint; contingency arose because historical substitutions changed these sets . Our results suggest that patterns of variation in BCL-2 sequences – and likely other proteins , too – are idiosyncratic products of a particular and unpredictable course of historical events . The extent to which biological diversity is the necessary result of optimization by natural selection or the unpredictable product of random events and historical contingency is one of evolutionary biology’s most fundamental and unresolved questions ( Gould , 1989; Jablonski , 2017; Ramsey and Pence , 2016; Travisano et al . , 1995 ) . The answer would have strong implications not only for our understanding of evolutionary processes but also for how we should analyze the particular forms of variation that exist today . For example , if diversity primarily reflects a predictable process of adaptation to distinct environments 
Summarize: Summarize: Similarity between two individuals in the combination of genetic markers along their chromosomes indicates shared ancestry and can be used to identify historical connections between different population groups due to admixture . We use a genome-wide , haplotype-based , analysis to characterise the structure of genetic diversity and gene-flow in a collection of 48 sub-Saharan African groups . We show that coastal populations experienced an influx of Eurasian haplotypes over the last 7000 years , and that Eastern and Southern Niger-Congo speaking groups share ancestry with central West Africans as a result of recent population expansions . In fact , most sub-Saharan populations share ancestry with groups from outside of their current geographic region as a result of gene-flow within the last 4000 years . Our in-depth analysis provides insight into haplotype sharing across different ethno-linguistic groups and the recent movement of alleles into new environments , both of which are relevant to studies of genetic epidemiology . Advances in DNA analysis technology and the drive to understand the genetic basis of human phenotypes has led to a rapid growth in the amount of genomic data that is available for analysis . Whilst tens of thousands of genetic variants have been associated with different diseases in populations of European descent ( Welter et al . , 2014 ) , less progress has been made in studies of important diseases in Africa ( Need and Goldstein , 2009 ) . Several consortia are beginning to focus on understanding the genetic basis of infectious and non-communicable disease specifically in Africa ( Malaria Genomic Epidemiology Network , 2008; 2015; H3Africa Consortium , 2014;
Summarize: Summarize: Early development of many animals is characterized by rapid cleavages that dramatically decrease cell size , but how the mitotic spindle adapts to changing cell dimensions is not understood . To identify mechanisms that scale the spindle during Xenopus laevis embryogenesis , we established an in vitro system using cytoplasmic extracts prepared from embryos that recapitulates in vivo spindle size differences between stage 3 ( 4 cells , 37 m ) and stage 8 ( 4000 cells , 18 m ) . We identified the kinesin-13 kif2a as a driver of developmental spindle scaling whose microtubule-destabilizing activity is inhibited in stage 3 spindles by the transport receptor importin , and activated in stage 8 when importin partitions to a membrane pool . Altering spindle size in developing embryos impaired spindle orientation during metaphase , but chromosome segregation remained robust . Thus , spindle size in Xenopus development is coupled to cell size through a ratiometric mechanism controlling microtubule destabilization . Cell size varies widely among different organisms and cell types , and changes rapidly during early animal development when cell division occurs in the absence of growth . The mitotic spindle , a dynamic bipolar structure composed primarily of microtubules ( MTs ) and organizing proteins ( Walczak and Heald , 2008 ) , must adjust to cell size to segregate chromosomes the proper distance and signal to the cell cortex to specify orientation of the cleavage furrow ( Levy and Heald , 2012 )
Summarize: Summarize: Gene control systems sometimes interpret multiple signals to set the expression levels of the genes they regulate . In rare instances , ligand-binding riboswitch aptamers form tandem arrangements to approximate the function of specific two-input Boolean logic gates . Here , we report the discovery of riboswitch aptamers for phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate ( PRPP ) that naturally exist either in singlet arrangements , or occur in tandem with guanine aptamers . Tandem guanine-PRPP aptamers can bind the target ligands , either independently or in combination , to approximate the function expected for an IMPLY Boolean logic gate to regulate transcription of messenger RNAs for de novo purine biosynthesis in bacteria . The existence of sophisticated all-RNA regulatory systems that sense two ancient ribonucleotide derivatives to control synthesis of RNA molecules supports the hypothesis that RNA World organisms could have managed a complex metabolic state without the assistance of protein regulatory factors . A variety of riboswitch classes regulate gene expression in response to the binding of specific metabolite or inorganic ion ligands ( Roth and Breaker , 2009; Serganov and Nudler , 2013; Sherwood and Henkin , 2016 ) . Previously , 25 riboswitch classes were known that selectively respond to ligands that are chemical derivatives of RNA monomers or their precursors ( McCown et al . , 2017 ) . This strong bias in favor of RNA-like ligands strengthens the hypothesis ( Nelson
Summarize: Summarize: The number of neurotransmitter-filled vesicles released into the synaptic cleft with each action potential dictates the reliability of synaptic transmission . Variability of this fundamental property provides diversity of synaptic function across brain regions , but the source of this variability is unclear . The prevailing view is that release of a single ( univesicular release , UVR ) or multiple vesicles ( multivesicular release , MVR ) reflects variability in vesicle release probability , a notion that is well-supported by the calcium-dependence of release mode . However , using mouse brain slices , we now demonstrate that the number of vesicles released is regulated by the size of the readily-releasable pool , upstream of vesicle release probability . Our results point to a model wherein protein kinase A and its vesicle-associated target , synapsin , dynamically control release site occupancy to dictate the number of vesicles released without altering release probability . Together these findings define molecular mechanisms that control MVR and functional diversity of synaptic signaling . Excitatory glutamatergic synapses mediate the majority of fast communication between neurons in the brain . While general mechanisms underlying synaptic transmission are well-conserved , there is robust diversity in the synaptic parameters that dictate the reliability and temporal fidelity of transmission between brain regions and species ( Nusser , 2018 ) . One fundamental parameter that controls synaptic efficacy is the number of vesicles released in response to an action potential . At each pre
Summarize: Summarize: HIV-1 Gag selects and packages a dimeric , unspliced viral RNA in the context of a large excess of cytosolic human RNAs . As Gag assembles on the plasma membrane , the HIV-1 genome is enriched relative to cellular RNAs by an unknown mechanism . We used a minimal system consisting of purified RNAs , recombinant HIV-1 Gag and giant unilamellar vesicles to recapitulate the selective packaging of the 5’ untranslated region of the HIV-1 genome in the presence of excess competitor RNA . Mutations in the CA-CTD domain of Gag which subtly affect the self-assembly of Gag abrogated RNA selectivity . We further found that tRNA suppresses Gag membrane binding less when gag has bound viral RNA . The ability of HIV-1 Gag to selectively package its RNA genome and its self-assembly on membranes are thus interdependent on one another . Packaging the correct genetic material is a key event in the assembly of an infectious virus . In the case of HIV-1 , both the recognition of the genomic RNA , its targeting to the plasma membrane , and assembly of a membrane-enveloped virus around it is carried out by the viral protein Gag ( Rein et al . , 2011; Sundquist and Kräusslich , 2012; Freed , 2015 ) . The nucleocapsid ( NC ) domain of Gag has two zinc knuckle motifs which together with adjacent residues interact with the viral RNA ( Berkowitz et al .
